So so excited to help bring this incredible, inspirational and true story to the screen. Ahhh. 
Congratulations!! What amazing opportunity you will be affording so many! 
Hey! We're super excited to announce the start of Photolemur 2.2 Spectre Preorder 
It's not a party until Agnes, Edith and Margo have arrived! 
Happy Birthday to a great mentor of mine 
Wishing a happy 82nd birthday to hockey pioneer and NHL ambassador Willie O'Ree. Happy Birthday, Willie! 
 bryona_ashly・・・It's raining It's pouring ...Confetti! 
Makeup to suit your colouring WIN a 
Last week we celebrated with all our Apprentices & Graduates completing their programmes at the 2017 Nestlé Academy Graduation 
We are so lucky to have such a diverse international community at UofG. Happy 
Hope you can join us for our grand opening on Saturday 25th November 2017 from 10am! 
31st release of BioModels now available
Good things come in 10,000s. Happy 
Congratulations to Theatre Coordinators Lynsey James and Sonia Watson who are retiring after 37 and 38 years of service at NBT. They have dedicated their  working life to neuro and spinal surgery, passing on a wealth of skills and knowledge to their team. 
Our Facebook Page has now more than 5000 likes! 
 Finally, the SeqAn2 paper 
Congrats to Amaya for receiving the Superintendents award for her beautiful artwork! 
Today for American Education Week we celebrate all our substitute educators across the district. 
 On our 3rd BDay we are SUPER PROUD to announce that today we passed more than 100 YEARS of student + educator videos shared on Flipgrid 
BUY HOCO TICKETS today through next Friday during seminar-5b!! 20 dollars!! 
HEY SOPHOMORES!! Wednesday, October 4, we are decorating the math hallway for class color day! BE THERE after school for food and fun 
WE WON!!
 congratulations to the brilliant Sandy Cull designer extraordinaire! 
Can't wait for our CEO 
Only a few more days to enter our Twitter contest! We will draw the winner this Thursday (November 23rd), so enter now! 
Hitting up Leeds this Friday. Come and party! 
Heard the news? Our NEW Instagram 
Have you heard? We won two Great Taste Awards for our Original and Chocolate Yogurts 
Boat party finished, now onto the next one! Let's get it 
We go again! See you in 
Happy birthday to one of my favorite DJs and a really good dude 
In celebration of the Queen's 70th wedding anniversary! 
'A Present For Everyone', our second studio album, is 14 years old today! 
Thank you to this wavey human for joining me on 
I wish that Daniel fellow would put out a new cover today. WHO CAN RELATE? 
 | Happy 20th birthday, 
What is...What has been...What will be...
We're excited to announce our partnership with 
This gave me a push to listen through the new 
 BLACK FRIDAY DEALS ! 
 Big Day Out happens this weekend! A free entry event for all the family�
Proud to see our very own Hannah Swain passing on her expereince of what it was like to be a Media Apprentice with 
Happy New Year! 
Have a very Happy Birthday!!
We had a great time on Sunday performing for the 
“Ripe with bars, restaurants, boutique shops and art galleries”, it’s no wonder that Humber Street is officially the best street in Britain: 
 Have you cast your vote yet to help us name our "Turkey Dash" turkey 
Can we get to 2000 in 2 days? Help us win funding for our community pottery by giving us 10 Votes below  
2 more great victories today in RL3 and RL1 - keep it up! Great start to the season 
 Our Open Day has officially started. Welcome to everyone visiting our campus today! 
Sussex Food & Drink Awards 2018 Grand Finalists announcement! 
Looking forward to seeing you later 
We’re thrilled to be in such great company - honoured as a 
Can't wait for you all to hear my remix for 
 Congratulations to Martin Williams, who won the signed shirt in the additional prize draw by placing a lotto bet at Ospreys Lotto 
Coming to a mailbox near you soon! Jonathan is getting acceptance packets ready for our Spring 2018 admitted students! 
What's a party without mates? Reserve up to 9 seats when you book Heineken Hill tickets with Invite a Friend! 
Get your mates and don't be late to the party on Heineken Hill 
 Supermac's Carrickmacross are celebrating 18 years in business! Join them for a Family Fun Day tomorrow from 2-5pm! 
Make the ground shake with your power. Cheer squad! 
Happy Birthday to the empowering and unapologetic 
Continuing Sassi’s Bday celebrations with a new 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, WYATT 
 Congrats to our new NAT'L CHAMPION CDA HS wrestler 
REDWOOD AND 3500 S crash cleared. Now open all NB lanes. 
see ya soon(ish) 
AdHoc issue 23 is here! 
Thank you to everyone who helped make our 
Well done to all the Young Umpires that were out yesterday around the province 
Coach Christine Shaw Palmquist is going to Kona!!!! 
 See you next week!! 
Bahi is having a cyber monday sale of 30% off full site and another sale on Black Friday..... 
This makes me so happy!
Dunk tank is ready!!!! DJ starts now too! 
Australia emphatically votes YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 So about last night...900 of you singing away to Disney classics & power ballads w/ 
Tickets *ON SALE NOW*  for 
Get your ticket for 2018..Amazing guests and surprise guests makes it a night to remember 
Too sparkly? Too late now! Getting ready to host the 2017 
Congrats to Flat Spaces Foundation, purpose-built disabled-access holiday bungalow, on being nominated for 
IT LOOKS JUST LIKE THE NINTENDO GAME
Childhood dream come true 
Deadline is MIDDAY today (Nov 2) for 
Just incredible! Well done Patrick, keep going 
Happy birthday to my lovely friend 
Happy birthday to my partner in crime 
After moving in in July, I can officially announce 
Congratulations to Norman Hambrook, from 
Fifth video of the week, we have another theatre review! 
December issue out NOW! 
Fantastic news: our banana bars are now stocked at 
Spice up your life this weekend like this Carrot & Spice Boost Banana Bar 
Red Swimsuit Blond Hair 21 x 29,7 cm Handmade Paper Cut Out available 
Have you started planning your perfect 
Win the ultimate breakfast bundle via 
Tickets for Fintech Insider: After Dark 3 are now available! Grab yours now and join us for a festive fintech party!
Check out some highlights from our recording live from  
#2 of the 18 most beautiful public spaces in the world. 
A massive well done to 
When it's 3am & issa party 
I am having the BEST TIME meeting everyone at 
8 days of insane discounts starts in T- 1 Hour!!!!!! 
Kiiroo has been nominated 6 times for 
Another excellent Black Friday special at 
And even more good news this week! Congrats to our friends at 
Congrats to our protocol friends at Scuttlebutt! 
Reminder of why I love my job. Our future leaders! I am in tears guys, oohhhh wow
Pull in for some Chiro work and a coffee when you back home g. 
Today we're celebrating our 8th birthday with you! 
Congratulations to AnecNote! They are the winners of 
We going up this Saturday with a SuperBoo sunrise for 
POP done! Thank you God for an amazing year!
Happy Birthday to our beautiful twins 
BOOKISH CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY! 
5 days until The C A N V A S TOUR hits Cape Town City 
Congratulations Miss ME Ndovela, winner of R10 000 in our Bank Better Live Better competition. 
Rad! I'D RATHER BE READING is on 
Drew this because HOLY GUACAMOLE 70 people have enrolled in Passion to Paid in the first 2 days
So pleased that Universal won The 2017 British Book Design & Production Award for Lifestyle Illustrated! 
 We have launched our new forums. It comes with a new forums engine & more!
Is it possible to have too many icons? Hello Weather 2.5 for iOS is out now with TWELVE NEW ICON OPTIONS for our Fan Club friends 
BRIGHTON TONIGHT at The Prince Albert w/ 
XXX IS OUT TOMORROW! 
Two weeks ago we've released a new, better version of our platform! If you missed it, check out this article 
Today marks 25 years of Gold & some familiar faces have very kindly sent us in their birthday messages. So sit back and enjoy! 
ALL THE CROOKED SAINTS by 
Pretty gosh darn proud of 
Brilliant news! We're thrilled to announce that 
Master's in the Bag!
I'M GOING SKIING TMRW! 
The Family Dance is a hit! It's great to celebrate BC Culture Days with all of you! More arts and culture in store tomorrow! 
On Saturday the 18th November 
Join us in wishing Cory Littleton a very happy birthday! 
22nd time in school history...not too bad! Congrats 
Shop now! Our Moments to Midnight Collection has everything you need for Holiday party outfits 
Call your girls and tell em Moments to Midnight is now live! 
Our Moments to Midnight Collection is now live! Find tons of Holiday party outfits 
THATS MY GIRL!!!
Happy Birthday D!
Get ready to get loud Stratford! It’s football playoff time! 
Happy b day to this crazy, funny, and sweet teammate of mine!! You have such a kind heart, hope 17 is a good one!! 
Happy bday girl! 
And yet again, KC’s student body proves that they are the BEST in Texas. 
I'm a little late to the 
Happy Birthday, hope it was a good one
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST BOYFRIEND IN THE WORLD!! Thank you for continuing to put a smile on my face each and every day!!          
Pretty sure I'll always be this free spirited kid at heart, feeling blessed to get to celebrate another birthday! 
Can't wait! Grab tix here: 
Guys The Cure is shipping out from our new online store TODAY! 
This happens Tonight! 
Last Month we had the wonderful Annabel grace the stage....Get your tickets for this Sunday Now 
We are back This Sunday, get your tickets online! 
I hope you're ready for some more Word Sound Soul... We Are!
Congratulations to our 1st plus size model
Milan, thank you!! 
I'm coming for you, 
We’re so excited to be publishing this 
Guys! I did a guest post for 
Designing for Health Behavior Change. Design Principal #3: Create opportunities for celebration!
Doin' it right this New Year's Eve with 
Happy 24th birthday, 
ACES New Year’s Eve at The Bowery Club with music by DJ Kieron J 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!! Y'all the real MVP's 
 Happy Birthday Cam! hope you had a good day! 
Happy birthday brother!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LIL BRO!!! Hope you have an amazing day
16u finishes the GASO DFW Tournament 7-0 and champions
Join Us This Saturday 
Happy birthday kaka! 
 Desiigner - All Around The World ->> Joe Gifted - Water!••Tag A Friend Who Would Like… 
We strongly advise arriving early tonight it's looking very busy 
We can't wait to welcome 
Tonight catch me performing at the sexy & Stylish 
Only 1 table remaining for 
It's very nearly the weekend! We can't wait to see you all 
The OFFICIAL relaunch!This is going to be huge please get in touch ASAP for guest list & tables before they go info@vanillawindsor.com 
Back in Windsor tonight! 
When there is 13 tables SOLD on a Friday night 
Okay so there’s going to be a tattoo artist which means I’m getting a tattoo! 
Our emailing database could receive the ticket link early 
Congratulations guys!!!! Well deserved 
First show done & dusted! DID YOU HAVE FUN BELFAST?! 
It's D.I.S.C.O party time # Blackheath 
It's party time 
We are getting ready for another Sell out Sunday night at our signature party 
Join us this weekend in London for our Signature Sunday night at 
There’s only one place to be on a Sunday night ....
There’s only 1 place to be on a Sunday..
About last night..and the night before!
48hr Sale! Don't forget every £10 spent is an entry to an amazing weekend at the Silverstone GP 
Inspiring stuff! Congrats dear 
Flashback Friday to one of our favorite staff spotlights this fall. 
Fridays make EVERYTHING better! 
An Extraordinary Union made 
Yay! Congratulations! 
Excellent results for the 1s and 2s, 1st team beat 
The girls win 2-0 v 
Mahoosive good luck to the u14s at the midlands finals today! 
Retweet to wish Terry Labonte a happy birthday! 
Congratulations Richard! You're another lucky winner today! Make sure to check your DMs 
Congratulations Aaron! You're one of the lucky winners who gets to own a Rocket Summer signed poster! Make sure to check your DMs 
I've been waiting on this record since 2002 
And to round it all off, the joyous 
We're bringing NEW YEAR'S EVE to 
Let’s do this MIAMI! Celebrate NYE 2018 poolside at 
Happy New Year!
Your Bass Pro fam has been proud to be behind you throughout your career, 
The celebration continues! 
Well Deserved, Congratulations guys 
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!! 
We know you guys have been loving the new UI/UX for the ESEA Client, so we're here to tell you that we are officially out of beta! 
Our guest of honour Prince Harry has arrived and we are almost ready to being the 
We’re proud to have been chosen as an official charity for the 
Shout-out to our incredible team on picking up the CCMA Best Customer Experience Award for 2017! 
We're looking forward to meeting some of you at the 
Massive congratulations and welcome to all the freshers! 
 Celebrate 10 years of TOMFOOLERY on Wednesday 25 October! Age 3+  
There's a huge Prosecco ball pit party coming to Hull! 
We're delighted and so, so proud of the whole team - go geeks! 
We're looking forward the 
 We've launch a new podcast on 
Congrats to our Strawberry of the month, Lauren! 
Go Poshmark, it's yo birthday. 
 THE GRASS IS GREENER EP - AVAILABLE NOW! 
Princess Beatrice discusses bullying & her support for 
We are so happy that it’s publication day!! Happy Book Birthday 
We're so excited to be publishing a series of children's books from 
And to end the awards, a team selfie, because we're all winners 
EXHIBITION: JAPAN IN WINTER -Japanese prints of the 20th - 21st century -CURATOR: Malene Wagner 9-14 NovFREE ENTRANCEPrivate view is sponsored by UkiYo RepublicLadies and gentlemen, a long-awaited sales exhibition of Japanese prints starts today
Congrats Team UCB on winning 
Guess what time it is? It's almost 1PM! 
Happy birthday to this golden shine girl 
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS CONGRATULATIONS AUSTRALIA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Go live a life full of love!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 is back - 28 January 2018 
we’ve now reached 10 MILLION Walkers on my 
Today marks 1 month of 
It’s here!!! Our new record GOOD LOOKS is available now!!! 
Alright ... Vegas here I
Thanks to everybody who joined us today for the Afternoon with 
Wishing the Queen and The Duke of Edinburgh a happy 70th wedding anniversary 
Tables still available for this weekend! With 30 different flavours of vodka, we will give you one hard choice. 
NOCHE LOCA returns... 
Have you entered our Facebook competition yet? Enter by 19th Nov for the chance to win The Little Book of Kindness and a spa day for 2 voucher! 
In amongst very good company there 
TypeScript turned 5 years old yesterday!  
Today’s vlog is #24 top trending woo! 
I just completed Angular Fundamentals with 
Great collaborative effort by many! 
 A fantastic result & in the same week 
How incredible! Way to go, 
We wish Gov. Anoatubby a happy, happy birthday! 
Such excellent news for our Head of Research - well done Sarah
It's a big happy birthday to us this week!
OT week 2017 a success for 
Technically Wrong: Sexist Apps, Biased Algorithms, and Other Threats of Toxic Tech is out NOW from 
Challenge completed!!
A tasty little festive quiche recipe using 
Happy Birthday to my CHAMP. 
Congratulations to Thomas Critch on being named to 
 Happy birthday to David Marks, a 
Look What’s Coming in 2018 
Happy Birthday Bonzo! 
17,000 little mirror pieces make up this epic disco ball at the Perception Bar 
Your photos from the weekend are now on our Facebook page! Tag your friends and leave a comment on how your night was 
 All the best for your birthday buddy! 
Hey People! In case you're in Mallorca, come check out tonight's party 
Canny wait for NYD up in Leeds 
Excited to say that I’ll be hosting a photo lab in partnership with 
My "Backyard" track is now at #77 on 
Who wants a competition ??? 
PRISM LDN IS LAUNCHING THIS JUNE WITH A BOAT PARTY 
BBC's Essential Mix Celebrating 30 years of AcidHouse with DJ Pierre 
No Monday blues at HAPPY PLACE when 
Another day, another step closer to making confetti dreams come true!! 
NYE Weekend! 3 Epic Shows! Get your tickets now @ 
You’re now invited to THE 
Happy birthday to our favorite musical maestro 
Happy birthday to one of our favorite people in the whole universe, the sleazy powerhouse 
Making their debut on STMPD: Bad Decisions - "Chills" coming this Friday 
 talking about registering to vote on your 18th birthday
What a beautiful evening to celebrate Alma’s 76th Birthday
We are ready and excited to kick off another event filled weekend
JUST ANNOUNCED!Nov 12th sees the return of Welsh rockers 
Visit The Cafe today to celebrate 
 to the best first-year anniversary party we could have asked for. Thank you for celebrating LBA + Co. with us last weekend. 
A perfect evening to dine on the patio!
It's Friday again, who is joining us this evening?!
This G&T might just be the perfect fix for a 90* + weather day!
We can never pass up a great shot of *THE* Chuletón!
Celebrate the rest of your long weekend with us this evening, July 3rd!
A must read from atlantamagazine, just in time for Father's Day! Link in 
Ayyyye, Help me wish my BigBrother 
Very excited about this! Go team! 
This is amazing!!!!  So glad someone caught this on cam.  Hope you had a great birthday 
Woohoo!! Congrats, 
new year new money 2016 
Train to Birmingham booked. Christmas markets and 
Forget that midweek slump, 
Philly connect lol Had to update 
playing my BIGGEST LONDON HEADLINE show YET!! COME PARTY 
Happy birthday Sevana. 
Watch the video for our first single 'Hydra' 
It’s half term next week! 
Newcastle that was a pleasure! Cheers for getting down with us at 
LONDON - tonight we are playing at 
OMG!!! 
Thank you for the birthday love ! I'm taller than that flower now 
Happy New Year from everyone at The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service. Make sure you have a safe one! 
Last night's festive lights switch on! 
 A very Happy Birthday to Myles Hippolyte from all at the club. Have a great day! 
Happy Friday!!! 
Who's got the Friday feeling?! 
Well all you Mad Hatters here are some highlights from our Ball in wonderland on Saturday 
Feeling better just in time to get absolutely smashed tomorrow night for this ones Birthday 
Happy 21st Birthday to St.Johnstone fan Lauren, hope you have a great night at your party 
Only a couple more hours to the weekend! Tune in to Hippie Radio 94.5 to get the party started! 
Well done to all our fantastic Tennis Leaders who took part in our most recent course with Head Coach 
Congratulations to our s2 netball team who won their first league game 12-5 
Congratulations to our s3 pupils who completed their Netball Leaders Award. Look out for new lunchtime clubs starting soon 
IT'S BAAACCCCKKK!!! 
An excellent performance from all our s2 netball team. Showing great determination and another league win today 
Fantastic effort from our s1 netball team winning their first league game 
Big thanks to Eilidh and Daisy in s6 for coaching and umpiring our s2 netball team to another win on Wednesday 
Unbelievably proud of Molly Brooks winning 'Most Valuable Player' of the tournament today! 
Fantastic first league game and win for our s3/4 team 
Fantastic effort from our s1 girls after a tough game tonight. Great team work, motivation and determination all the way through 
Another fantastic performance from our s2 netball team winning their 2nd league match. Big thanks to 
 So who is all heading down to our reciption event at Dover House this evening... Kick off is at 6pm ...
The Becoming of Noah Shaw is on sale TODAY! 
Seven years ago I wrote my first ever proper short story, one where I finally struck on a distinct style that was mine after years of trying. After a wee redraft in the summer, I've just discovered this afternoon that it's finally found a home in 
Wow, I can now say I've done a reading with two 
Obligatory pensive I'm gonna be on trains all day because I'm off to a show, photo. 
Get your groove on tonight with glitterbombthegeorge 
Students from UofS accountancy, business & computing science courses – delivered in partnership with 
Celebrated novelist Dr James Robertson, and the first director of 
Love getting a new book in the post but when it's Gaelic it's magic 
You can’t fix the mistakes of the past, but you can shut your fucking mouth and avoid others. 
TFW you run 26.2 miles with 
It's finally here! 'Dennis & Gnasher: Unleashed!' kick-flips onto screens TONIGHT! 
Lovely day with these 2lovely ladies recording our final episodes of 
STEPS TICKETS ON SALE NOW! 
Anyone else prefer getting ready to actually going out? No judgements here 
Feeding the soul with girlie madness all weekend. Wicked 50th birthday 
Zion making CRAZY NOISE 
Headed home after a great tour in the U.K. 
Her birthday surprises! I love you! 
my new studio has an 808 and a Nintendo 64 
Love to see this photo Lants 
Happy birthday Patrik Berger! 
A bespoke collection of photobooth's now available across Essex… 
6 months old today 
Sunday Jam 1st Birthday 
We tell them...Max Denham, Max 
Black Friday has started already here at A1 - check out some of our magnificent deals which will be running all week! 
 One table of legends, two sofas, one great night..
*COMPETITION TIME* We are giving away 2 tickets to 1 lucky winner to attend our Christmas feast 
L1s are not to be stopped! 5-1 win over 
L2s just cannot be stopped! Still unbeaten 
9-0 win for our L2s! Top of table, huge goal difference, still unbeaten 
Hockey Hockey Hockey:L1 (H) 
What an absolutely glorious day for the Rowallane Plant Sale 
Arthur raised £600 by asking his friends and family to donate to our charity at his 90th birthday party. 
Roughly 47 minutes from now,  at 12:15PM EST, 
All march teams won this weekend 
Horncastle ladies return triumphant from the long early trip down to Bury St Edmonds with a 4-1 win 
We’re now on Instagram! 
Massive Happy Birthday to our wonderful 
A fantastic Pacesetter Games this morning, congratulations too 
Congratulations to today's couple, the new Mr and Mrs Skillen! We hope you enjoy the rest of your special day 
Up now the amazing comms team Tina &Alice - great plans for future 
R&R kitchen opens today! We can't wait, pop in for a glass of fizz or even a crepe, waffle on stick. See you all at 5pm
Congratulations Curtis & Jamie on your 32nd Birthday Party 
Awesome Xmas Day Lunch and Raffle already heavily booked 
Our Awesome Prizes Latest update to our Xmas Raffle for QE Hospital Charity Fisher House 
Work's night out celebrating  Mr Wahab's retirement! 
 T H E  P L A Y G R O U N D 
Congratulations to our new SAP Mentors! 
Received a nice present in the mail. Thanks 
 We're thrilled to announce a live 
Another opening, another show! 
 Happy Birthday to the Big Dam Bridge! Celebrating the big 
Happy birthday to my A1 Day 1!! My literal sister from another mister!!!!! 
Thrilled to be reading this Sat. 11th with 
Congratulations to Alice and Bobby, both received 5 year service awards! 
 won a brit!!!! 
Here’s to being old enough to not have made all of your young mistakes in public on social media 
Congratulations to our Steep World Tour new champions 
Book BIRTH Day! 
We are starting a monthly leadership email! 
H A P P Y B I R T H D A Y 
So proud to share that we're #33 on this year's 
 Stack Awards ceremony tonight! The pros at 
 Officially introducing “Magazine News”, the best magazine stories on the web in a single feed.Find out more:
New Feature! Introducing "FOR YOU"
Woohoo! Grav won again: Best Flat File CMS! 
We love our backers & sponsor, that's why you can see them in the documentation now!! Thanks everyone  
High parse and compile times in JavaScript might cause severe performance bottlenecks. Up until now, those metrics were difficult to surface.You can now track JS timings in 
Pumped to see my "Crypto Vue" repo appear on the first page of vue-cli examples on 
We’re relicensing the GraphQL spec under the Open Web Foundation Agreement v1.0 and GraphQL.js & Relay under MIT. 
When your mom says you can go to Medieval Times 
 My Async / Await series has launched! Easy-to-digest videos in 5 minutes or less. 
 Excited to announce Refactoring UI!A series of case studies on improving the design of user-submitted projects:
 Tailwind CSS v0.2.0 has landed!Learn about all of the new features in our upgrade guide:
This conference tho! 
$ npm install -g nativescript$ tns --version$ 3.3.0Chrome Dev Tools Elements tab now works with iOS 
Finally!I discovered 
 I'm now a proud supporter of 
Looking for a simple way to do A → B replacements in 
Check out my talk on Reactive Programming with Scala.js and PureScript from 
I'm starting something new: Introducing 
So excited to reach 20,000,000 members! 
Just cut a beta release of styled-jsx v2 
This is our 50th release for macOS, Windows & Linux operating systems. 
Update your Buttercup Desktop client and enjoy using it in German & Spanish! 
 We're excited! We launched our new Contentful Community - your place for questions, discussions and much more.
Sending our love from Chicago to New York to all of the finishers of the 
It's Saturday which means tomorrow's Sunday! 
 great job running the point in the last few victories
Off to the post office to mail out calendars and Patreon rewards 
Happy birthday to the fabulous Sarah Caddy 
Happy Birthday to "The Hitman", 
Thank you to Kindersley Mainline Motors for your donation to the aquatic centre 
Another great FriYAY! Thank you, 
Wahoo! Excited for 'Baby Girl Gehbauer!' 
Happy Birthday to Bob Morton's bitch 
You won't want to miss MAJOR!, tonight's Just Films Pittsburgh & 
There's no better time than now to reflect on how much you've accomplished this year! What are you most proud of? 
H A P P Y   N E W   Y E A R 
Cant believe we have Dave Ambrose speaking to us. The Man, The Myth, THE LEGEND! 
On a much happier and brighter note, we are very pleased to let you know that we have been able to pull forward the release of Digimon Adventure Tri 3 a week, to Dec 18! You will now be able to pick up the latest movie in time for Christmas 
CircusFest 2018 is now officially on sale!
 It's someone's birthday today and we're celebrating!
 one of our own... our TOTY...Ms. 
Yo! congrats to the homie 
 was everything we wished for and more.. THANK YOU for joining us!See you next year! 
Bro Safari w/the fam tonight 
 THE CARTEL TAKEOVER! Get ready 
Huge thanks to everyone for all your birthday messages today! 
 BLACK FRIDAY Discount Offer! Right now get 
A huge THANK YOU to everyone who came to the launch of Eleanor Oliphant last night - was wonderful to see you. Thanks 
Abbey Road Studios. W/ Mum Aka my Manager! 
Get in the mood for your Saturday night out with this 
Lifelines turned 1 year old today! 
Happy birthday jo!! hope ur having a great day! 
Happy birthday 3!! 
Happy birthday to MY class captain 
Happy birthday Chitt!! 
Happy Birthday Carrie!!! 
Yooo happy birthday my man!!
Happy Birthday Sarah!! 
Happy Birthday human kazoo
Happy birthday kloosm, hope you're having a good day
Happy birthday Avery, hope you're having a good day
Happy birthday Avery!! Hope your day was great
 takes over last week’s Top Ten! 
We had a GREAT first day of camp! 
The disco ball was rolling for Andrea 
BOOM: make color fonts in 
 Happy Friday, Morning People! Looking to get connected with some of design & technology's brightest minds? Human… 
They’re baaaaaack! 
 Celebrating all of the hardworking boss’s out there who challenge us & help us grow! 
On our way to Sudbury for riverandsky Festival!! On at 8 
PS4 Warframe players! We didn't forget to celebrate 4 awesome years with you 
The Super Awesome Giveaway is LIVE! 
Head over to our Instagram page to see what we are celebrating 
 & I are excited to announce our involvement in the 
When you realise you get presents today....HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
It’s Day 1 of the 12 days of Christmas Fayre Countdown 
Me, today, after a red eye flight home from California last night. Spending the day regrouping for WEDDING WEEK!
 has won Best SHOPS in Long Beach + San Pedro! Congrats! 
The party has started down at Vodafone Queen Street
We've spent the week working with students from 3 local schools in Cunnamulla and can't wait for tonight's community show! Toi toi eveyone!
These two have been slaying the airways for officially 25 years T O D A Y  for 
Congratulations to Shane McCrae for winning a Lannan Literary Award!! 
Mazahir Salih has won a seat on the City Council in Iowa City! 
Happy birthday brotha, hope it's a good one 
Festival fans - get ready! 
Wishing a very happy pub day to CLARA AT THE EDGE by Maryl Jo Fox! 
Celebrating International Girls Day with our new "Hidden Figures" novel! 
I’m super excited to be heading to 
Tomorrow is Election Day, 
Getting ready to welcome 85 
YAY the weather is going to be fantastic for tomorrow's Merefest see you at the Mere in Ellesmere from 11am  
Get your party hats on because today’s the day! 
Today's the BIG DAY! We are opening our pop-up shop at 
We are opening a new location in East 
Hidden in this Budget 2017 announcement is some great news: £100m for an additional 8,000 fully-qualified computer science teachers supported by a new National Centre for Computing 
Let’s get this party started! 
We've sponsored the home jersey for 
GAME OVER!!!!! 
 Saxons beat Bedford in a very tight game today 
Episode 100! Tune in SUNDAY at 16:00 UK time on 
We've reached Episode 100! 
Skipthescales powers home to beat the favourite Early Retirement in the final yards of our third race
Hot off the press!! The 
I wonder if the Native lands/treaty-centered 
 BIRTHDAY SHOW! Nov 19th 
But it's my birthday!!! 
Cashew-milk & Cookies! Head to our 
So thrilled to announce that our full line of 
Best New Series for Tweens and Teens! 
Meet us at Corktown Park (Ferguson Ave S and Forest Avenue) 9:30 a.m. After Ride get together 
Upcoming BAR FIGHT championship Oct. 11 at Liquid Kitty (69 John St S). Bigger space = bigger party 
We're hosting a Summer Camp J1 presentation in 
Our featured hotel on this weeks 
These loves just won Best Front Of House Team 
Bored of the same old Christmas party? Waiting for the meal? Not enough time to 
 Glamorous, Festive and Fabulous! Make this year’s Christmas party the one you’ll be talking about for years to come
Our New Years Eve family night of fun is the perfect party for ALL the family to celebrate together 
We're in the HOME section on stand H-A24 
That's it! We are READY & packed for 
National HIV Testing Week is here! 
Welcome to our official Twitter page! Follow us for updates on readings, new releases, and other fun events! 
The Essential Guide to Monday’s FREE fun at 
Promoting sport while also going good in the neighborhood, way to go 
Wishing the happiest of birthdays to our captain!We hope today is GREAT, 
ICYMI: Our buddies 
See you there this Saturday, November 25 at 630 Dundas 
Here's a taste of American Pie from last night at Rick's... we can't wait for next week 
Excited about our latest partnership: Welcome aboard 
We have developed something very special in the bakery today! Two new products / very exciting times 
It's been a good week, I've been offered work in Dublin and Zurich next month 
Thanks so much to the people of Guildford who came out last night. I was testing out new shoes to see if they were funny & you gave them confidence. 
The three ANP gals at the 
Literally couldn't be any happier for or prouder of 
When Casually bumping into Martin Fowler in your local 
Happy New Year. Put your own stamp on 2017 
 Happy Birthday and best wishes!
Throwing it back to this time last week in Killarney! A huge honour & privilege for our Exchequer St food hall to win Best Food & Wine Store 
The 'C' word may not be here just yet, but here's a cheeky New Years Eve idea for you lovely lot with 
Happy birthday to the best chef in Ireland 
Miniature Tarquins gin 5cl bottles now available to buy in the Deli 
Amazing to see FIVE Energise artists in this weeks 
 We've been working on something very exciting for UK 
Our new website is live! 
It's Friday!!...throwback to waking up with these gorge girls to launch our very own 
Congrats RN Samauya. All that hard work to complete the NMC Adaptation course 
Looking forward to the Royal Manchester Childrens Hospital Charity Ball tonight 
Thanks to everyone who entered our giveaway! 3 lucky winners have been picked! Congrats to 
Thousands of you voted to choose the cover of our 2018 Calendar, and we're delighted to reveal that the winner is Aquilegia ‘Nora Barlow’, taken by our reader Alison Pretious. Congratulations Alison 
You were wonderful last night! We hope you enjoyed the 
Do you fancy winning 1 free meal a month at the delicious Argentinian Grill ALL YOU CAN EAT restaurants 
H A P P Y P U B L I C A T I O N  D A Y!! 
NEW Alo alert! 
My Etsy store is now open!  HOORAY! 
Congratulations Joe Stewart!! 
Thank you! Wonderful news 
We won the CSR Awards! Congratulations to Duncan Gray, our Head of Corporate Responsibility 
 GIVEAWAY - WIN our Knitted Cotton/Cashmere 1/4 Zip.Simply RT and Follow to enter. Good luck! UK only.
Well done chef Liam! 
We've fixed a few issues, and 
The recap article is out now! Catch up on the videos of the talks and the plugin demos! 
 Ain't no party like a midlands party; the Capital City/Lake Murray region of South Carolina is lighting up the holiday season and beyond: 
Congrats to our newsletter tweet winners! 
It's party season! 
Congratulations to last night's 
 Women’s sizing has arrived 
Make sure you're following 
 week 6: Corpus linguistics &  textbooks and dictionary construction. More CQPweb and 6 "in conversation with" videos! Enjoy!
Almost at the end of week 4 of 
Look at all the new books!!! Come check them out! 
Birthday hugs for the birthday girl 
Congratulations to Chris Keller, voted our new Assistant Grand Scribe 
We're ready for a fun Friday show as 
Hi everyone, I passed my prelims today! Now I'm allowed to begin thinking about writing a dissertation proposal! 
We're now open! Join us for breakfast and lunch beginning tomorrow at 55 East Monroe from 7 AM–2 PM, Monday–Friday 
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite restaurants in Chicago 
There's no party like a Mercadito party! 
Congrats are in order for John Legend + Chrissy Teigen... 
What comes before Part B?Part A(yy)! 
Happy Birthday to my Gorgeous Wife!!! 
The Girl Before has sold - in all UK formats - over 300,000 copies!!! 
A very happy publication day to 
 November edition is here! Packed with great reviews, interviews and lots more 
A brilliant night celebrating iZest's 5th birthday with our clients 
My Mother's Day gift guide is up on 
It's CULTURE NIGHT 
DEVILS WIN, DEVILS WIN 
DEVILS WIN, DEVILS WIN!!! 
I’m now a Suggested Member on 
last home game was a huge success
Wooohooo! It's my birthday! 22 years.. (getting old) 
One ADE recovery day! Back on tour again. Amsterdam, Norway and London this week 
The first Red Bull 
Happy game day y’all!! 
 BigCityBeats WORLD CLUB DOME 2017 Official  & full Aftermovie 4/4!Enjoy the video and once more relive the... 
 BigCityBeats WORLD CLUB DOME 2017 official full aftermovie 4/4!Relive the energy again of the biggest club... 
Mexico this weekend!! One of the best crowds in the world!!
We have a big party — Kenshō is 'Game of the Day' on the App Store!
happiest of birthdays to this awesome lady 
A quick shooting session with my lovely niece before her party 
Massive congrats to our 1st team beating Hertfordshire 45-39 
Final score 81-20 congrats Girls you smashed it 
We’re here for a good time, not a long time 
Happy birthday to All Black number 1112 Aaron Smith! 
Woo hoo!!! 
Woooohooo! Excellent news from the 
Congrats to SACNAS Life member and 
Fabulous night honoring this year's 
 Thrilled for BOLIVAR and THE BACKSTAGERS! 
New Venue Alert: Come 
Celebrate Emma Stone's 29th birthday with a look back at her most glamorous moments. 
What a coincidence lol , Happy Birthday!! 
Here’s a special birthday message from 
 Half-Life turns 19 today! I hope Discord 3 is released by the time we're 19.
Had a Big BASH ..! 
Just arrived home after an amazing Unit Leader conference. So much passion, excitement and enthusiasm! The jamboree journey in full swing! 
Artist Hideo Minaba’s 
Landing Pages in MailChimp are here! 
WINTER SALE IS HERE! Do you want to save up to 20% on your stay with us? Head over to our website for our winter offers and you could use your savings towards exploring this beautiful city 
Annnnnd relax! The 
Happy birthday to world champion twirler 
Parents, this is great. We get so busy, but 20mins to stop & do something fun makes all the difference.
 We're thrilled to share 
For the second time, the 
"A marvelous & magical debut"-
So excited to announce that FOREST OF A THOUSAND LANTERNS is one of 
*Drumroll please* We are SO EXCITED to announce that 
Winner! PayPal for Bits is coming very soon for most of EU and US! 
Pssst… We're giving away ARCs of CHILDREN OF BLOOD & BONE by 
 Win NEW 2018 edition 10’6” Ride board package! 
Best selfie of the night? It's our Scale-Up Entrepreneur of the Year, Justin Basini 
Congratulations to Chris Morgan! 
 Young Entrepreneur of the Year is Richard Evans 
The next winning selfie features Patrick McCrae of 
The first winner of the night is James Sinclair of 
High Street Entrepreneur of the Year at 
Congrats to the winner of last month's social comp @alexiapinchbeck 
We’re now offering our service in 
Good Morning TONBRIDGEToday we are 4! 
We've got it popping 
Are your Sunday feet feeling to effects of Saturday partying 
Congratulations to Hive Supervisor and Trainer Emily Michaels (middle)!!! 
We are postponing our Friday Live's for 2 months, planning to come back bigger and better! 
‘All I’ve Got’ is out TODAY! 
London! Thrilled to announce my new EP launch show at 
 in the top THREE shows watched on 
There's a new Mr. Men Little Miss character coming in March 2018! 
Congratulations chefs - you're MasterChef quarter-finalists. 
Cheers Brad! Congrats on being the champions of Europe 
Couldn't have put it better ourselves! Only 23 days until registration for 
Here is an in-depth look at Sketch Libraries 
You can now preview your Sketch files in 
Our Sketch community in Guatemala is having their first event this Wednesday 
Our newest Sketch community in Warsaw, Poland is hosting their first event on August 29 
A HUMONGOUS CONGRATULATIONS TO LUKE AND THE RICKSHAW GUYS THAT HAVE NOW OFFICIALLY FINISHED THE LONG 500miles of cycling!!!!! Raising a massive and impressive £5,063,230 
Massive good luck to Luke as they head to their final destination! They are due to cross the finish line at 8:45pm 
GUN RUNNER HAS DONE IT!!! The $6,000,000 
My winning girl, All Too Familiar, who saluted on debut at 
Now that’s a happy bunch! 
We're extremely excited to announce our partnership with 
THIS WEEKEND - IT'S THE BLACK FRIDAY WEEKENDER! 
TONIGHT! It's POUNDED at 
Ain't no party like a Basshunter party 
So happy to see our wonderful former guest 
Tech is well underway. Doors 7pm. Acts 7.30pm. See you all tonight for 
A wonderful blog post to celebrate Anam Coffee's 1st birthday 
Happy birthday to Nikki, our founder and CEO! She got some help from Fred to blow out the candles 
Come down into 'The Parlour'....Our brand new bespoke gin & cocktail bar and private dining room at Monk's Lane!! 
One hour to go until the Jazz Voice livestream from 
Stalls working hard to be ready for 12 noon opening! 
Here! some photos from the awesome 
Nice way to finish a ride. 
UK Permanent Residence (EEA PR) Status: Approved! 
 released stable 5.0.2 and 5.1.0-beta.1 
Congratulations to Nicole & Spencer!! We are over the moon for you both & can’t wait to start planning your dream day! 
Grid Critters launches on Cyber Monday! 
All set up and ready for our second day at the freshers fair
No worries if you didn't make it to 
Great rehearsal tonight from one of our showcase groups! Come see the  showcase on the 26th and 27th of November in M&K
 We're proud to have 8 
Happy Birthday to one of the best 4-point shooters in the land, Dizzy! 
 | Happy Birthday to former 
We're dropping our first interview w/ 
Who's up for a party in Bath?! 
Alright Leeds, see you tonight 
YOU DID IT, PEOPLE! 
All the best to Alan Taylor and everyone at 
It was fun indeed! Thanks for coming 
So great to catch up with my über talented pal Yah-Leng Yu 
 NEW MUSIC OUT NOW 
The moment you’ve all been waiting for... Having voted in your thousands, YOU have chosen our new, LIMITED EDITION popcorn flavour to be... NEW YORK CHEESECAKE!! 
Hope everyone enjoyed the carnival today-so great to have Cowley Road Carnival bring their vibes to South Park in May for Common People! 
Excited to get out with the girls on Saturday for 
So I'm just a little excited for this one.. Catch me and all these guys at the 
After the success of our ADE Sampler 2017, OVRDOSE is back with some bangers! 
I am very happy to announce you my “Sex Remix” for morethanfriendsmusic EP 
 FULL ALL-STAR LINEUP ANNOUNCED 
Last night zurich ! 
Trouble calling!!Berlin Jan 28 at Kater Blau! 
Abode in the park today set time 5-6pm 
New studio on the way! 
We’ve got two beer releases at the taproom this weekend! ENZ 7.4% Southern Hemisphere IPA OCP 5.7% Orange & Cardamom Porter 
Deepa is 1000% right: taking time & energy to make sure the whole team - not just leadership – understands the strategic underpinning is 
Congrats to the lovey couple! 
what happens when you throw a party with all your friends and film it? watch ---> 
ITS AUDITION DAY!!! 
This is just a bit exciting!! 
Congrats to our Best use of video - external nominees - 
Another busy Annual Members Meeting comes to a close! Thanks to everyone for coming & making it such a great day 
Congratulations to Nicholas Gillespie who has won a table for 4 including a bottle of Prosecco, a bottle of Premium Spirit, mixers & nibbles at our Weekends in Palominos Launch night this Saturday! 
We've been selected for Waste & Resource Management finalist 
Group 908 Gold superstar event , congratulations to all 
Get ready, London... Excited to announce our third headliner is the one and only 
To celebrate pioneering advancement in digital, we have a fantastic night lined up for you 
When I was given the brief if " he likes Liverpool football, fishing and golf " this is what cake I made 
Day 2 of Miami Carnival Weekend with 
Customer viewpoint 62% excellent improvement in super tottenham 
Great day at coniston lodge celebrating queens birthday with residents 
Remember remember the 5th of November 
Don't forget that your business' 
Tonight I finally got my ticket for the 
Tickets All Sold Out!Looking forward to a great night at the Aisling Awards this Friday 24th November in the Europa Hotel, Belfast. Good luck to all our shortlisted nominees of 2017
First vegan doner kebab 
Fantastic news!! 
We had our first Project Choice meeting this evening in QUBSU and it was fantastic 
Talk about partying on a bike: 
When it's a short work week 
12th in the world!!
 Happy birthday to Belles duo 
Happy 18th Birthday to this young man 
Happy birthday Smudger. 
Well done ladies!! Brilliant run! 
Going once....going twice.....sold to the businesswoman in the stands for £300 million 
U16s are through to East Midlands finals. Great job girls 
Thank you to everyone who came along to the night out on Friday & showing your support towards the school. Fun was had by all! 
Amazing result! Incredibly proud of our girls and the hard work they've put in, they smashed it! Well done 
Veeg inn nights are back this week 
The most exciting studio session I have ever had !! 
To our 18,500 donors, 1,678 volunteers and everyone who has supported us - let's celebrate raising £242m! 
And many happy returns to former Magpie 
 HAPPY 48th BIRTHDAY speedo 
 first sale on webshop.  
 Today's the day! 
HBD to another single lady, love you lots, have a gr8 day 
About last night... going on 30!! 
A massive happy birthday to 
Happy birthday to a Chelsea legend - Frank Lampard! 
 More tickets have just been released for Let's Hang On, on Thursday 7 December! 
2-FOR-1 ticket offer is now live! 
WE'RE HERE BRISTOL!! 
Wow, what an amazing night! 
Happy Birthday boy! 
BMW and Rowe Racing win the 24h of Spa!!! 
Al Jazeera English is 11 today! There was cake...
2nd at Daytona! So proud of 
What. A. Day. 3rd place after starting dead last (30th). So proud of my fiancé! 
Check it out! As an ASID member enjoy free online access to  
It's Bomber Wednesday tomorrow night, come out and celebrate with the UWCSA, it is going to be lit! 
Today at 7:30 is our Velocity Science Brainstorm! Free pizza, networking, and new ideas are just a few things apart of this evening 
Trivia Night is tonight @ 7PM at Memorial Union! 
Congratulations to Bobby Thompson who has clinched the championship by finishing second place in final race of the day 
Selfie with the Principal at the All School Celly
Hooray! It’s 
Life is the bubbles! Happy anniversary, 
"Road to the final four" sounds reaaalll nice to us. Help us cheer on 
We are proud to be actively engaged in a long-term collaboration with the German 
Ok let’s go see what 
Thanks for partying with us last night 
New version of my Mongo / GraphQL utility is out.  You can now declare foreign key relationships, which query other collections as needed, without the Select N + 1 problem 
 Joyeux anniversaire au dernier vainqueur de 
Our SpeeDelight has been awarded two 
Look out taylorswift my ep Patterns ALSO comes out today
We love the Toronto spirit 
Congratulations boys!!
You'll get them next time 
It's on boys! 
Welcomed 31 new members this morning at our final New Member Breakfast of 2017! Thank you to our Community Partner 
Happy 22nd Birthday to the homie Trevor! Hope today is as wild as you are! Miss you man! 
We are honoured to receive the Silver Award by 
It's our birthday! 
Here is the full list of winners from Saturday nights 
UK friends! This is going to be AWESOME! 
It was a great season with 4 victories in total! Congrats 
It's been 1 year since we launched! We're excited to share a few milestones from our first year. 
 Thread: This week's victories! 
What flavor of Muscle Milk birthday pancakes did she celebrate with?  
Oh, boy! Mickey Mouse has some big plans for his birthday! Follow him all month to see more. 
Just got an email to comfirm that ive got the whole council to dress up as elfs for elf day in support of 
 WIN £4000 of Festival & Club Tickets, Drinks, Clothes, Music! RT & CLICK> 
We’d like to wish 
AHHH my freelance editing site is officially live!! I feel like such an adult 
Congratulations John! What a champ. 
NEW EPISODE OF JOSH NOW ON IPLAYER
Happy birthday to TSP patreon supporter 
Wondering what our club is all about? Stop by The Fifth Ticket for a casual meetup with our members! 
 playing around at 4PLAY. 
Did somebody say headliner!? 
2 weeks to go until its party time down in Oxford 
It's your last chance to vote for the Smart Sock 2! 
Don't forget, we're at 
Owlet was named the BEST baby monitor in the 
NEW YEAR’S EVE 
This Saturday is looking MAD! 
Way to go boys! 
Studio 59 is back again, this time with renowned DJ Tom Taylor! To reserve a table contact reservations@east59th.co.uk 
Happy New Year everyone!
 Can't wait!!
 to get someone to speak at your next event:Book them months in advance. Like 6 months ahead of time. Chances are, their schedule will be free, and they'll feel like a jerk saying no. 
Underpromising and overdelivering in action:Apple told me my iPhone X wouldn't get to me until Dec 20th. It's on its way today instead! 
Happy bday to S&T founder, resident, colada specialist 
RT: This Polaroid Snap instant camera could be yours! To WIN it, simply follow & RT and you're entered! 
At the premier of our first ever TV ad in South Africa! We absolutely can’t wait for you to see it 
The NutriBullet Bay to Bay 2018 entries are officially open 
may all your wishes and dreams come true and you have a wonderful day 
 wishing you the most wonderful things in life 
What are your Thanksgivings day plans? I have four this year and I'm most excited for 
$750 OPSKINS giveaway.Winner can get anything they want on OPSKINS, up to $750! 
It's the weekend!
Who's counting down the hours until 
A great day to be one of the 
BIRTHDAYS ~ Celebrate your birthdays at 
WIN A 2 NIGHT MIDWEEK BREAK FOR 4 PEOPLE IN OUR NEW LAKESIDE LODGES!
1 week ago today we were thrilled to accept the Award for Outstanding Contribution To NI Tourism at the Annual Travel and Tourism Awards! 
Next up is Jimmy’s, NQ, on Monday the 20th! 
Today we say happy birthday to 
Here comes the BOOM! Win a Harman Kardon Onyx speaker for you AND a friend! To enter simply: follow us, RT and sign up: 
 Exciting news, y'all! 
Well that’s the end of Newham Word Festival. A huge thanks to all our wonderful commissions, authors and partners, 
RAPID Team Winners of the CRN West Midlands Collaboration in Research Award 2017
Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip celebrate their platinum anniversary, See Video Relive the moments from 70 years ago.
 Wishing the Original Glamour queen 
Fantastic work by the team. Don't forget your 78% reduction in VAP rate. Here's to the next 3 months 
Just a few days left to see 
Exciting news for anyone still up at 
 happy birthday Mel have a great day!x
WOW ~ Almost at $100k 
Fresh produce photos make my heart sing :) P.S Have you ever used endives? I've only had them raw in a salad and have steered clear ever since :/ "November 14th box ft. sunchokes and gigantic endive!! 
This is wonderful! Thanks for sharing 
Amazing night last night in Leeds 
Our New Year’s Eve Family Night is the perfect way for ALL the family to celebrate the new year... 
Thank you for partying with us! 
Newcastle likes to party! 
K/SS • TONIGHT • SLUG & LETTUCE 
It's nearly that time again! 
Half time- 33-0 to WP 
The girls played exceptionally well yesterday u18's winning 97-0 and the u15's winning 33-0 and 40-0
It's not too late to buy your tickets for this year's 'Stylist Live'! This year some of our wonderful talent will be featured, including 
We're enjoying some gorgeous vegan delights at 
Huge congrats to our committee member Kate 
Celebrating an amazing 6th win of the show!! 
We are so excited to announce that our Christmas show for 2018 is The Pied Piper! 
You look fantastic Eunice! What an amazing and well deserved honour! Celebrate in style! 
Nothing Bundt Cakes opened today at 9a. 
Hurrah! Well done to this amazing group of challengers who have just completed the exhausting 450kms 
WIN,WIN,WIN
"Hi, pals. It's me, Mickey! I'm taking over Disney Twitter today, because it's my birthday." –Mickey Mouse, 
FIGHT CAMP IS NOW LIVE! 
Hope your bday tomorrow is filled with rainbow goodies! Cause on your bday, why pick just one?! 
Campus tours and Welcome breakfasts in full swing 
We won!!! Can t believe it!!! 
 Happy Birthday mate, have a gooden. In a bit 
MORE LIFE T !! Love u bro. HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
Happy birthday, Dave. 
Confirmation of 2nd XIs triumph Junior 4 Champions 2017 
Wednesday cannot come soon enough! 
Tonight we are shortlisted for the Workforce Engagement award at 
You can now watch the videos of all 12 talks from Dots 2017 
Many happy returns, 
Our friends at Southampton have released a few extra tickets for 16th December. Get them quick 
In The Times today...Well done! 
“Some good news after so much history and heritage was lost…” Work is under way! 
So very excited to share the news that we are bringing out a cookbook! 
Can't wait to play 
The European Press Prize is open for entries! 
Win 4 tickets to the game!
Win 2 tickets to see 
Who doesn't want a chance to win some signed 
The Finishing Creme has finally Arrived! 
Happy 2nd Birthday to us! 
Jamaica booked for next month
YO IS MY BIRTHDAY 
YO IT’S MY BIRTHDAY TOMORROW
Happy 1st Birthday to Asahd 
 COMPETITION!! WIN! WIN! WIN! 
Looking forward to making my debut in York this Saturday for 
Proud to say we recieved GOLD at the 
Tonight I witnessed absolute Greatness 
Happiest of birthdays to our wonderful trainer Danielle Carr!! 
We have just passed 3 Billion streams on 
R E S O N A T E || L I V E || Full lineup 
Sooooo ... this happened today! Ava took 94 independent steps 
 LAST DAY to get your CHUF Christmas Raffle tickets online! Tickets are just £1 each and are available to purchase here - 
 1 week today until the online raffle closes!! 
Before we get into our 6th birthday tomorrow (don't forget 60's theme, foodbank donations, pacers and cakes) we just need to mark a milestone reached last Saturday.Jessica volunteered for the 100th week
Sat 11th will be our 6th Birthday! 
Best waterside cafes in the East Midlands are in 
8 days & vikings is back 
CONGRATULATIONS to Ben Lloyd Roberts who has won 4 tickets to 
CONGRATULATIONS to Ceri Edwards who has won a family pass to 
CONGRATULATIONS to Christine Harris who has won a family ticket to One Hundred And One Dalmatians at 
 Fun way to quickly plot multiple marginal effects 
 They're our act of the year 2017... it's the amazing 
 NEW VIDEO OUT NOW! 
What a fantastic night celebrating Scotland’s screen industries! Relive the best bits from the BAFTA Scotland Awards Red Carpet  
My comedy improv team 
Well done to our office neighbour Vick Bain for her 
Let the celebrations commence. Social Media Agency of the Year 2017 WINNERS! 
October is FAMILY HISTORY MONTH! 
“Connect the K’s”
OKAY TENTH SEASON FOR STEFANIE PEMPER! OKAY FIRST WIN! 
B I R T H D A Y   B O Y 
The clock is ticking... Don't wait! Shop the sale now  
We're wishing a happy 38th birthday to former 
We're throwing it back to the 80s to celebrate our much-loved Bowling Coach & leader of the 
Many happy returns to our brilliant Assistant Coach 
Just to top off your Tuesday, 
We’re setting up for the Big Switch on Gig later tonight at 
Clean up on aisle Kristen’s chonies 
This is how Sunday's looked throughout the summer with 
 HALF PRICE DRINKS! 
Happy Birthday to Ben Wilson of 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our fearless leader 
HAPPY FRIDAY!!! 
Celebrate good times Australia 
Fantastic numbers turning out for football again this evening 
We'll be live streaming the 
Celebratory scenes following a fantastic 
Newark Qualifier in the bag! 
 KICK BUTT tomorrow! Y'all are awesome 
 Betty and Veronica: Vixens # 1 is available in comic and digital stores TODAY! Don't forget to share your photo...
Happy birthday Hallie Theodothopouloth!!!! Hope you had an incredible day 
Happy Birthday Henry!!! Hope you have a decent day!
Seattle was a blast! We have a couple more west coast dates coming up! Let's party 
Big congrats to ALLY BATENHORST for being 
Congrats to our NINE Falcon Athletes who signed their “Letters of Intent” today! So proud of your hard work! You are all Forever Falcons! 
Happy Birthday to the girl with the most contagious laugh hope you have a great day love you 
So proud of my mom for completing her first ironman triathlon she is a beast!!!
Join us in wishing head coach 
happy 18th birthday J! 
Give it up for the happy couple! 
This is reality!Congratulations to 
What an amazing night tonight at the 
I have a new series called “Five Points” that I’m filming right now & it will be on Facebook Watch next year! 
Aaaand FUNDED! EMOJI PARTY! 
Hope you were quick enough, because that project is DONE! 
Big news alert!
And the Best Outdoor Space award at the 
...and now we have picked up the award for Best Accessibility! It is a different trophy to the last pic. Honest... 
Today, we wish a VERY Happy Birthday to Ayoze! 
Join us in wishing Assistant Coach Nic Platter a Happy Birthday! 
Happy Birthday to our assistant coach 
Saturday’s are for LOTSA. Lotsa fun, lotsa pizza, lotsa water, lotsa sleep, or whatever else you want lotsa. So go get your Saturday on! 
Happy 17th Birthday beautiful
The winners of the 2017 Vitality Netball Superleague Awards were announced on Saturday! 
And it's all over a fantastic night of racing. Final results here are:Solihull 138
Chef Frank Valdez welcoming the fourth member to the familia, 
We know how to throw a fiesta 
WOW! Please keep knocking our socks off - $40K reached in ONE week! Stay tuned for our final stretch goal & in the meantime we've all got that 
KEEP IT UP! So stoked to have broken the $35K mark in TWO days! Help us reach $40K to fund the 
Last night was super fun at 
Current Mood Because Today IS My BIRTHDAY!!!! 
We're celebrating Black Friday all week long
Let the weekend begin! 
Currently backing up my data. Just in case you want to party with me and not lose your dissertation research in the future 
Just 2 days left until 
1 month away// Ferndale is a beautiful place, this lineup rocks, come pls 
Slopes on Hasliberg will also be open this week end! 
Gracias gracias gracias a toda la gente que se acordó de mi este dia para felicitarme mi cumpleaños!Disfruté mucho de mi dia!Thanks thanks thanks to everybody who spent a bit of time today to wish me happy birthday!I enjoyed a lot this day!
Can’t wait to have fun with my bro 
 OMG! Thank you so much, I’m very excited! 
Happy birthday to our brother, the wolf, 
Apparently today was National Saxophone Day
The gates are open and the sun has come out to play here at 
Stoked to play up in FOCO again! Jamming with 
Proud to have set up first APPG on Mentoring with 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our beloved bassist, Jack! 
Birthday Surprise #2 
WE DID IT!!!!  "Lulu and the Long Walk" is going to be a REAL book!!! Thank you everybody!!! 
The Carbondale Celtic Fest/Oktoberfest is this weekend! 
Prepare for an unforgettable night as we celebrate our 7 Year Anniversary with 
The brand new single from 
Turn it up and enjoy your weekend peeps 
This weekend hosting Dreamvillage mainstage! With oa 
Gear up for In Trance We Trust in the UK this Saturday! 
Happy birthday to the young talent 
Say hello to Thai Bui, the newest member of Team Anchor! 
And applications across all three strands are officially OPEN!!!! Email zoe@thevoicefestival.co.uk and amy@thevoicefestival.co.uk for more information 
 Keep sharing our music and we'll keep making more music 
'We Could Go Back' jumped up to #5 in the 
I'm officially verified on 
Not ready to let go of the weekend yet????
Not ready to let go of the weekend yet? 
 has reached 100 Million views on 
NUMBER 1 !! 
Thanks to everyone who attended New Years Eve 2016!Here's to a super 2017!!
Stonewell Cider is officially seven years old! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SISSY WISSY 
Delighted to say that Tumbledown Media is a Finalist in this year’s 
Table booked for birthday dinner 
Today marks the 70th birthday of the British Horse Society! 
We are delighted that we have been chosen as the Charity of the Year for the 
Another fantastic year! Well done Scotland 
Celebrating STV's 60th birthday all in aid of 
Celebrating 60 years of STV today, look how we have changed! 
Happy 4 th birthday   
 Tomorrow! Tickets still available from wegottickets! 
One week today I am putting on this beautiful line up at 
In July it's gonna be 10 years since I started promoting in Leeds, so I'm having a party at 
 a €30 One4all Gift Card - Follow & RT to enter! 
Our tasting menu is still running strong.. book your table now before it leaves us in December 
 Congratulations to the fabulous ladies of the Radiant Rho Pi chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Inc. on their 1st place win for donating the most food to 
Happy birthday Cole!
happy birthday!! 
Congrats on an amazing celebration and fundraiser! Looks like you guys know how to throw a rad party! 
Congrats on 15 years! 
Mango Gose is back! Remind yourself that better weather will be here eventually
Happy 4th of July! Be safe American! Party on!
 New Growlers!! 
RSVPs FOR YELP'S TOTALLY BAZAAR ARE NOW OPEN!! 
Yelp Secret Sippers Society tasting at 
 is the most lit plot twits of 2017.I can't wait to see Zimbabwe finally turn their great potential and resources into a force. 
  Made this for you and Elan!! Congratulations. So Happy for you 2! Xoxo. You deserve all the happiness in the world girlie, and with that Smile on your face, it definitely shows that Elan is your happiness!! 
We had the best day ever! I will finally get more than a few hours sleep now my speech is over 
SHE'S GETTING MARRIED 
Woohoo, all the startups, mentors and clients from the municipality gathered today for our internal kick-off. 
It's our 4th birthday! Where's this time gone? Come and see us for fun, games, prizes and one big celebration! 
Glad to announce Me & the 
One more week till the big show
all new music dropping every week of may 
JUST ANNOUNCED! Start 2018 as you mean to go on - New Years Day with edit king 
Doors open in an hour for the grand return of our Subculture residents Harri & Domenic as we celebrate the launch of Dom's new record on our Nautilus Rising imprint!Subculture x Nautilus Rising・The Intruder EP LaunchTickets on the door if your quick! 
Reunited where they belong at last, it's been 5 looooong weeks since Harri & Domenic last played together at Subculture! Tonight they celebrate the launch of Dom's new Release The Intruder EP on our Nautilus Rising Imprint! 
 we’re coming THIS WEEKEND! Saturday 9pm & Sunday 7pm, not many tickets left so so grab em before they’re gone! We’re very excited to bring this brand new version! 
Happy Diversity Month everyone!
Woohoo! Denver you had a $1.9 million 
All roads now lead to the Aviva 
 SALE: A whopping 20% off EVERYTHING, including our awesome hen party swag. Shop here: 
Kicking off the very first day of The Skin Nerd & 
SO NICE!! 
The day has finally arrived!! Doors opening from 5pm 
Join us for a very special New Years Eve Circus & ring in the new year in style! 
Happy 75th Birthday to 1973 Champion Golfer of the Year, Tom Weiskopf, aka The Towering Inferno! 
BOOK YOUR CHRISTMAS PARTY AT DEER PARK 
Help us give a Big Lady Buff Birthday shout out to our very own Sydney Walton! We hope you have a wonderful day! 
 Wishing you a Happy Birthday! 
These top employers have some great 
We're expecting big things from 
And we’re very excited about it too.  
My new album 'Salvation' on 
Happy Birthday Ewan!!! 
Best of luck Girls make it a Great weekend for St Nicks, well done to all at Glen Rovers strictly last night 
Our blues night gig at 
Celebrate compassion at our Holiday Benefit Party December 9 in MD! Enjoy a delicious 
Yay! Defcon 25 videos are up 
One of my favorite moments from yesterday with 
Today, we're excited to be sharing the newly redesigned ToneDen. Meet our new look and features here. 
Ayyyyyyyyyyye EVERYBODY GO WISH 
RETWEET THIS POLL FOR A CHANCE TO WIN A PRIZE!!! 
Announcing the latest team to join the Catapult Sports family...  four-time Bundesliga champions 
Upgrade your moto z! The Polaroid insta-share printer moto mod from 
Thank you!!!
Last night was a mad one! That wouldn't have been possible without any of you, huge thanks to 
GIG ANNOUCEMENT // We'll be supporting 
FINALLY IT'S HERE! Tonight we celebrate our debut single 'Stargazed' with a SOLD OUT 
To celebrate 10 years, 
Coffee cup Giveaway over on Instagram to celebrate 
Thanks for all the great ideas for our new brunch menu, coming soon! We’ve chosen two winners... 
Good win for the girls tonight and a very good contested game against Cwm Seren. Umpires were fab too. Well done 
Wine-ding down this Sunday? The weekend may be nearly over but we want to make sure your stocked up for the next one already! RT+FOLLOW for your chance to WIN a case of 
Party season is here. Make way for all-out fashion, embellished bags and made-you-look accessories
How do you enjoy the last rays of the Sunday sun?Congratulations to Sandra Scoff on being our 
MatataLab is launched NOW!
: we’re celebrating strategist extraordinaire 
 Happy birthday Sugar-tits! 
Our student experience has been ranked best in the south of England and 10th in the UK by 
London is getting a 24-hour Overground service. 
 BEST SHORT FILM - Léo got the shiny prize last night in Agadir, congratulations to all the… 
"It's really encouraging as a filmmaker to have your work enjoyed and recognised" - Congrats to Ronen Eldar & team on the latest win for Term 5 film GOOD LUCK MARC 
Missed the news? We're opening up Curve to everyone 
Good luck to Best Angel Syndicate finalists: Endeavour Ventures, 
Best of luck for next week to our Most Impactful 
Happy dancing around the office I got mine 
We're 5 today! Help us celebrate with 10% OFF and free del over £20! Code: CELEBRATE > 
It's my.... 
WE DID IT!!! We smashed our 
Tomorrow = one of our favorite days of the year! Don't forget to tune into 
Looking forward to a great evening at the 
So proud of you all!! Congratulations 
Our podcast is now available on Spotify! 
I think it would be easier to answer directly by throwing parties, rather than introducing a proxy variable 
HiGlass mentioned in a Nature article about genome conformation visualization (
The openSNP <–> Open Humans connection is getting there. 
Today is the big day. 
Sign up today for our email, and receive EXCLUSIVE BLACK FRIDAY DEALS!!! 
Huge thanks Dr Margaret Brown & Raymond Duffy for their teaching & support.What an amazing day! 
Happy 30th birthday Santa Margarita Catholic High School! Established Sept 2 1987
LISTEN UP friends...
Short on time? Grab a Grilled Chicken Club to go/pick up! Or any of our other items
Congrats to our new 2017-2018 Rho Alpha Executive Board!!! 
Canada's Best New Restaurants Top 10 list is out! 
Congratulations to Drs Lisa & Vanessa Creaven founders of @spotlight_whitening who won Start-up of the Year plus a €10,000 media package from 
Well done to the international team on winning the South African jockeys challenge in Turffontein today 
Just got done Skyping with my dudes 
Happy one year anniversary to 
Need help getting started? Follow these best practice tips to set up a successful campaign! 
Pajama party day! 
Starting Wednesday off right with Simon Says with 
happy birthday brenica!! 
happy birthday Liam!!! I hope your day is the best 
happy birthday kwon!!
happy birthday emma!!
happy birthday teej!!
happy birthday lauren!!
happy birthday chase!!
Today I was honored to participate in the celebration 
Happy birthday griff! 
Happy birthday C-dirty!! Hope you're feelin 22 
 happy birthday !! 
Happy birthday to a comedic genius 
Because I’m going to be that friend and post on every social media site possible just because it’s 
Here's your first sneak into 
Sending a special S/O and THANK YOU  to these 16 Team Strongsville Teens who helped as Santa’s Crew and his... 
That's right, it's 
Friday morning S/O to staff and students at Strongsville Middle School who raised over $2000 in last week's... 
happy birthday to my beautiful sister
Fancy advertising for our big party tonight!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! 
ASPIRE PRO is 3 WEEKS AWAY!!! Come see me take on 
An award-winning TV news correspondent & a former first lady of California, 
If you missed wing day yesterday don't freak out, we've got you covered again today! 10 Wings for only $7!! Special Flavor of the Day: Carolina Gold, our Mustard BBQ Sauce 
 elections are live! Please Vote 
Congrats Karlie and Will, winners of The Block Australia! 
HUGE 3 points today and long overdue! Great performance from the team 
We've just announced screening times 
We reckon Jen might be Scotland's lucky charm 
THE LIBRARY AT THE EDGE OF THE WORLD is one of 
Accie players, coaches and physio all took part in a social with a difference this weekend: donating 
 Happy Birthday to Olympic, World and European medallist 
Yaaay! So excited to finally say I'll be Ensemble/Cover Schuyler Sisters in 
Can’t wait to get all up in this! 
IT'S OUT! 
We won! So happy with our courtyard winning best outdoor area. Three cheers! 
New Simon King Competition!!! 
And the winner is... Robert Hill from Domnick Hunter 
We are very proud to be supporting the ‘our moon’ installation projected across Durham Castle at Lumiere. 
Our Turtle Bay games Cafe Meet Up launches this Thursday 4pm to 7pm. 
We've raised a $20M Series A, led by 
Season 2 FINALE of CBTB 
Super proud of model, broadcaster and 
*!NEW LIMITED EDITION!* 24 naughty rolls and 24 nice rolls in every box. Stock up here! 
Congratulations, this is great news!
Happy 15th birthday to our beautiful white lion male, Rolo! 
 27th! Be deyaaaaaaa
 announced to join us on 9th December 
LONDON Our Second artist announcement is 
Come with us and enjoy the best 
We're THRILLED to announce our 2017 Toy Award winners! 
Happy birthday buddy!!
Happy Birthday to one of my best friends. Miss and love you John
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to The Royal Conservatory!! 
SYDNEY FANS! We have a few more seats left for our shows tomorrow and Thursday! Get your free tickets, and get them quick! 
Happy bday Dervvvv!
Happy birthday to the best coach and friend anyone could ask for!
Nov 12 : Happy Birthday to actor 
Happy Birthday to Matthew McConaughey 
And the winner of the $62,000 Frame.io Dreamstation Giveaway is…Harold G from Houston, TX! 
Happy birthday Han your my bestest friend & i hope you have the bestest day i love you so much
Happy birthday Paulo!!! Hope it’s been great
Happy birthday Rach! I miss ya hope today’s great 
 Happy 6 year Anniversary to our first baby, IN LIGHT! Thanks to everyone who showed it love.… 
The following winners get 2 Super Fan Zone tickets each! Congratulations 
Happy Birthday to our main man, 
4th 40-0 IN A ROW!!!!
40-0 this weekend in a qualifying month!!!
Happy Birthday Camryn!! 
We are definitely this excited too, 
Happy birthday to this musical baby. I’m so honored to be a part of this creation. 
Sooo excited to see all the dudes tonight 
Join us in wishing 2 x Super Bowl Champion 
It was a pleasure to host the FIRST EVER U16 Disability Festival provided by 
We had a blast last night! Congratulations to all the winners! 
Amazing! The old carnival poster from 1968 
Great news! SLEEP WELL, SIBA AND SABA is a 
It's the North Somerset Teachers Book Award tomorrow! We're thrilled that A WISP OF WISDOM is shortlisted for Best Quality Fiction, & in such brilliant company!  A huge shout out to the amazing teachers (& adorable pooches) behind this award 
Happy book and baby birthday 
 Great scenes in the County Ground dressing room - congratulations 
We had the best birthday party one could’ve imagined, thank you for everyone who came & supported us in every way 
If you’ve been involved with the Ministry in some way or another share your memorable stories via 
 Let’s celebrate our 50th anniversary with the entire 
I'm in wales and I've got through passport control safely , Cardiff let's get ready to party 
IFMSA-Quebec wishes to congratulate Michelle Houde for her participation in the PAHO conference in Washington! 
I'm so happy for my country rn. 
Only 2 Weeks Left To Unmuted Live Meets 90's Soul
Ain't no party like a beautyblender and 
Such a great effort! 
Can't wait to head to 
Happy Birthday to our wonderful designer 
It’s Digital Health & Care Week! Get in touch with the technology team 
So excited to be GIVING AWAY 10 Sophie X 
The feedback about the gorgeous and talented 
HELLO WEMBLEY! Cheers 
We won 'pub of the year!' 
It's nearly the weekend & we're not scared to get the party started! Live music from Jive Candy from 9pm! Prizes for best costumes 
It's Freebie Friday! 
Thank you to those who voted for me!! Proud to be awarded Young Volunteer of the Year 
Proud to be recognised by our peers as most respected agency in the Top 100 Digital Agencies 2017 report from 
ARGHHHH FINALLY GOT MY TICKETS TO SEE
That's the Scots Fiddle Festival over for another year!
CONGRATULATIONS: Lucas Moura & Marquinhos have both become fathers this week...
We're proud to be supporting Youth Work Week 2017 and celebrating the great work of our Social, Community and Youth Work staff and students 
Merry Christmas and happy holidays everyone! 
I’m all revved up for a fab week, how about you? Have a great week all 
Tag someone you’d invite round for a pizza party!  
Enter our competition & you could be in with a chance of winning 1 of 5 fantastic prizes! 
 blues? To cheer us all up, our Mix It! will be 25% off the WHOLE of November 
Final placing from last nights KJL:Dartford 266Erith 270Dover 316Saxon Crown 363Greenwich Royals 382BEXLEY 521!!!Well done to all officials, coaches, parents and swimmers involved. 
 really great to meet and chat to you last night 
Today we have our first competition of the season
Last day to enter our GIVEAWAY!!!!! 
LAST DAY TO ENTER! 
Raw London's domestic abuse awareness campaign was Highly Commended at The Drum Content Awards 2017 last night! 
And we're finished! Thank you to everyone who has helped us raise an amazing £35,440 for charity! 
Congratulations to all of the winners and to all of the amazing shortlisted co.s and individuals!! 
Don't forget about the chat tonight at 9pm UK time with the lovely 
Christmas came early! 
Calling all the hangry ramen souls ! Today is Ippudo's Grand Opening! Visit us to get your fix of ramen! We open from 11AM - 12AM! 
NEXT SHOW: Moving North 100th gig! 
happy 1st birthday permanent rainbow! 
Congratulations!!!! Dr. Carey Bayer receives Distinguished to Service to SSSS award. Humbled and honored to celebrate such an inspiring and talented scholar increasing diversity and the urgency of sexual health research 
EXCITING NEWS ~ We've only gone & made top 5 finalist for the 'Fish & Chip Restaurant of the Year Award' 
11 of our Scholars are moving on to the State level for GA Governor’s Honors Program!! Congrats Michael, Koluchi, Emery, Quintarius, Will, Niani, Alex, Joe, Tyler, Stella, & Ari SO PROUD! 
Many happy returns to Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip on their 70th 
DOON News! Exclusive: Doon series by Carey Corp and Lorie Langdon optioned for TV series 
Finally!!!
Happy birthday to Senior Thirst Correspondent 
 The North Shore's newest gallery 
Book your Christmas party with us 
We can’t contain our excitement - Today is our Grand Open Party for 
You're invited to our Grand Open Party tomorrow from 2-5 PM! Enjoy live music from 
ITUNES: TREVOR DRURY 
veterans day show in boston tonight @ simmons college 
Home & Family’s 
Im finally back in town and excited to see all my friends at comfort zone thursday 
RT to wish Brie and Nikki Bella (
 New chill mix finally online: Listen "Escape Everything 2"
Wishing a very happy birthday to the one and only, 
Happy 3rd Birthday, 
Had no chance to tweet it yesterday so: Happy belated birthday 
Week is over! Now the fun starts
This evening from 6.30 and 10-4 tomorrow and Saturday you can find 
Looks like you guys had an amazing night! We were so happy to have been a part of your celebration!  
One last summertime hurrah 
Nice way to finish my care Leavers council journey, comparing the 2017 Care Leavers Celebration Event 
Happy birthday Mr. Waters! 
She’s only gone and won it! Well done 
TICKET DEAL! If you've seen 
 To celebrate our first UK Christmas TV Ad we are giving away this set of festive fragrances! We have 2 to 
Post a picture of your favourite product at today's event using the hashtag 
Why not book an area with us... or a Xmas party 
INTRODUCING OUR FIRST HEADLINER...
Meet the super star squad
As September begins, so too does our Wedding Showcases!Join us this Wednesday the 6th of September from 5-9 pm
2017 marks the 90th anniversary of CCIR/
Tralee has won 3 in a row!! Munster Regional Winner, National Category Winner and Overall Winner of the Bank of Ireland Enterprising Town Awards 
We had a fab weekend the Professional Beauty Show in Dublin, thanks to all who visited our stand and we can't wait for the next one
Only 4 more days until the Professional Beauty Show
Thank you for the opportunity of being on the cover! Be sure to download it everyone 
SUBSCRIBE!!!!! 
Woo! Just over a week to go! So excited!!! See you all in Belfast 
Today we're wishing a happy birthday to 
Thank you, Thank you! To all of our followers for taking us to 11,000 now!  
Congratulations to our current third year student 
There's a lot to see at our new Queensbury location! The Grand Opening is TODAY with deals like FREE coffee and 10¢ off gas! 977 State Route 149 -- Stop by! 
Our very own Alba cycled from London too Cambridge this weekend all in aid of 130 children aged 6-19 years old at the 
 WE’RE FINALISTS! 
Spent most of this afternoon recording for another awesome 
 Three cheers for Karl Geary, Caroline Moorhead, Xiaolu Guo and Kayo Chingonyi for making it onto the 
Server: Is it a special occasion guys? 
A little bit about my year as Events Coordinator in the 
...unlucky for some, cause for a party in the Addams household! 
Yeah Mandy, don't mope by yourself. Now that O-Levels are over, it's time to go out and party 
Renovations started today at my apartment & the builder brought his baby along. Feminist part of me: 
Birthdays at Scribe are the BEST. 
 WE’RE HOSTING A 
It’s official! Georgie Gardner is the new host of The Today Show. Congrats! 
Had a great time at CARGO last night 
Happy 8th Birthday to India! 
Tonight! Myself & 
And we're out for a speecial occasion tonight...King like 
Birthday Follow Spree!!! 
Happy 25th Birthday To 
It's official!! On Friday, 
Nye @ Blue mountain bristol RT 
Gassed for tonight!! 
The Baba In The Game ! The Don , Bangerlee of the Lee Tempo ... The King Don Come ... My Mentor 
The Lodge is now officially OPEN! 
I will really love to experience this lovely moment with my role model, my boss, he also gave me the passion for D.J 
Happy 3rd Birthday Charlie 
Happy 11th Birthday Callum 
Happy 2nd Birthday Kyle 
Happy 10th Birthday Thomas 
Happy 4th Birthday Hannah 
Happy 7th Birthday Isaac 
Happy 7th Birthday Lexi 
Happy 3rd Birthday Jacob 
Happy 22nd Birthday Hollie 
Happy 2nd Birthday Joshua 
Happy 2nd Birthday Benjamin 
Happy 6th Birthday Hayden 
Happy 26th Birthday Jack 
From Dark Horse Joe to Day-Glo Joe! 
 can’t tell me is my morning jam
Manchester - Day 2!Crazzzzzy Show!!! Newcastle let's try and top that tonight 
ANOTHER ONE!!! 
  IT'S OUR ANNIVERSARY 
 IT'S OUT ANNIVERSARY 
Big up my bro from early on his Birthday
My newest track 'Summer Breeze' is OUT NOW! 
Cheers fellas! YES, more shows gotta happen 
My brain is unremarkable! 
Happy Birthday ash!!! Low key I’ll buy you another bag of chips and gum tomorrow 
Subway XL13 Propaganda Movie + Like, Share, Tag & WIN!! 
It’s FRIDAY!
Happy Friday world! We've just released our 2017 animation showreel and it's full of fun and beautiful stuff. 
We've got a tutorial for a metallic skirt to see you through all those Christmas parties 
Although I am standing awkwardly near a toilet, I'm stoked to be at the 
WIN a large Polar Bear Faux Fur Throw! 
EAT SHIT MAGA LOVERS. THE RESISTANCE IS HERE TO STAY 
Pact Go v0.0.10 just released. Provider Verification just got a whole lot better with granular test reporting courtesy of sub-tests, and improved error reporting. 
Oh WOW, crew 
LORDE IS TONIGHT! 
Today we celebrate a comedic filmmaking legend! Thanks for paving the way. 
Feedback Studio is now available to all instructors and students! 
Happy Birthday Team Manager Carlos Leon!!!!!!
Pretty sure you're married now hey?Congrats! 
Behind the scenes picture from yesterday's interview with 
AMAZING OPEN WEEKEND FOR 
Come see us Tomorrow along with 
Party Planner at Monroe Entertainment for that Wow Factor event/party 
One weekend. Four wins. 
 Saturday night in tiki town! 
Another one of our Social Walls spotted at the 
A big Happy Birthday to our Founding Chairman 
How amazing was ICW tonight!? Buzzing to see you's all at Hydro tomorrow! 
Huge congratulations to Frankie Smith, 
Don't miss Boombastic 90's HUGE New Years Eve Party at the County Ground! 
Today's the day! Host 
World Prematurity Day tomorrow, celebrations 
Admin has the moves like Jagger! Thanks for a great dance party today! 
 Let's celebrate Mrs. Moseley's Birthday today! 
We are offering 25% off room hire fee for the Chapter Hall for bookings in January & February 
Don't forget to catch our set at 7:50pm 
All pictures from Saturday night are on our Facebook page
We have an excited bunch of students right now 
Ring in Mickey Mouse's birthday with the cutest Snapchat lens you'll ever see: 
C19 Pitch Day: a warm welcome from 
I’ll sleep tonight! Straight from a game at Sport City in Manchester to 
WOW! 25% off selected Christmas party nights at Village Hotel Aberdeen! 
WOW! 25% off selected Christmas party nights at Village Hotel Maidstone! 
WOW! 25% off selected Christmas party nights at Village Hotel Newcastle! 
WOW! 25% off selected Christmas party nights at Village Hotel Wirral! 
WOW! 25% off selected Christmas party nights at Village Hotel Manchester Hyde! 
WOW! 25% off selected Christmas party nights at Village Hotel Manchester Ashton! 
WOW! 25% off selected Christmas party nights at Village Hotel Nottingham! 
 Happy birthday bro! 
Another big 20 points today towards the promotion charge 
IT'S CELEBRATION TIME! 
Now go and grab some food, chill for a bit, and we shall see you all tonight at the AGDAs!! 
Some uhh... WEIRD and wonderful retro games ready for visitors at our 10th anniversary party 
This is fantastic news! 
Don't forget The Retreat Livingston turns 2 this weekend 
Congratulations to Queen's student Sarah McKenna, 
FREE Financial Aid Strategy Session 
Huge congratulations Claire Slattery 
THANK YOU to Cllr Ravi Govindia and Deputy Mayor of London for Transport 
Excited to announce that the Business Pro theme is now available for purchase at 
It’s not to late to book your Christmas party 
Woo! Such great news 
Fiction birthday incoming!! 
Massive delivery this morning... ALL types of Beaujolais for our bojo nouveau party 16.11 
 2017 Highly Commended Best Local Employer across 
School #19 Lego Club begins today!
My book finally came today. 
I HAVE ONE!!!!!!! 
 come and join us for a glass of prosecco 3 Brighton Artists Private View 
Huge, heartfelt congratulations to my dear colleague & friend 
Excited to announce version 2.0 of our DIY 
 West Norriton, PA! Now open and ready for business, just in time for the holidays. Congrats to the 
Oh look, a tiny cake has slid under Norman’s foot. Must mean only 1 thing: Happy Birthday 
Happy bday to my no.1 @em__race, hope you have the best day, see you later 
It's not to early to start making plans for New Year's Eve in Grand Rapids! 
Last year,we officially joined the UN family as we continue to uplift the rights of 
It’s SHOW DAY 
Thank you so much! We are honored to be nominated as a finalist! See you all in November. 
We're so excited to tell you we’re coming to TOKYO! Get yourself ready for a Spinnin’ Sessions edition at TDME 
 Happy Birthday Will Hopoate!
We've been selected as FinSpace Awards finalists! 
We're THRILLED! We've been nominated for the 
Our first birthday party is filling up already! 
We're back up and running everyone! 
25% Selected Lines continues across all our stores and online this weekend 
Congrats! Well done 
Happy Birthday Jacqueline! See you tonight 
Your life is now complete: 
Happy Birthday Alex!!!! 
Congrats 4110 Wyomissing for winning the District Black Friday Ad championship belt! 
Still buzzing from last night!!! Singing with 
#1251 great support from CB/MET Dennis. We appreciate the partnership 
OVER 3,000 APPLICATIONS RECEIVED!! 
A nice mention of a Friday eve for the bossman
A very happy birthday to Shola Ameobi, who is 36 today! 
 TONIGHT IN MILTON KEYNES 
Hopefully we'll be hearing this on May 11th
It's been a great night at the 2017 Global Shining Light Awards. 
AUSTRALIA VOTES YES! 
And it’s officially open 
Your body is strong and amazing! Celebrate it!  
Today’s the day!! Doors open at 9am - we can’t wait to see everyone and show you 
One of our senior pupils is working hard with Mrs Howitt 
 pupils having great experience in Glasgow ASN schools next wk we welcome them to us for 
 Celebrate our 1st year anniversary by finding out what it's like to be both a rider & a soigneur on the .
 You're invited to a Soigneur Masterclass to celebrate 
 Laracon is heading to Australia for the first time.Subscribe at 
 Just added four new lessons to Test-Driven Laravel, walking through how to resize and optimize image uploads with TDD 
Our debugging series continues! 
HERE WE GO- 24 Hours streaming for 
24 Hour stream is going live in 10 Mins! 
 Running a crazy Black Friday deal:Get both Test-Driven Laravel and the complete Refactoring to Collections package together for almost 60% off:
Huge congratulations to all of our wonderful hotel partners that were named as part of the 'Top 25 Hotels in Ireland' in TripAdvisor Travellers’ Choice Awards! 
Aww happy birthday!!! Hope you are having a great day! 
Celebrate good times, COME ON! 
There ain't no party like a Maracon Party! 
It's birthday week for the Lady Dins. Help us wish a happy 21st birthday to junior 
Great to see so many MDX successes at the 
 A pair of tickets to the BBC Good Food Show at Birmingham NEC 
FIGHT NEWS! Sat 16th Dec. Ticket details soon, looking at transport for those going ‘out out’ 
Thanks to my family and friends for coming to my 
Saturday night was good fun! 
Not long until the festive party 
Congratulations Oreet Ashery on being awarded the 2017 
Next week we're celebrating our second birthday... don't miss it! 
Thanks for the incredible support from the players of People’s Postcode Lottery. You have now raised £5m to support older people across GB 
From pumpkin carving to Pinot Noir, today's 
Gotta love a group pic 
Wishing you the happiest of birthdays, 
Favorite Electronic Dance Music Artist AND best-dressed!? 
What a great idea! Happy birthday! 
We're looking for 124 heroes to click their mice twice for abortion rights!1) 
Happy birthday to last season's top goalscorer 
What a strong guy! He did it! He won his battle!!! We are all winners with him! Riccardo is now out of danger and he finished his treatments. He will just need to have regular checks going forward.Thank you! Thank you to all of you that helped Riccardo to win!!! 
There ain't no party like a 
Gr8 to kick off the formal part of our centenary celebrations 
The amazing volunteers enjoying a well deserved party
A huge congratulations to Dr 
Hope you can make it along today to celebrate 
Happy birthday Carter!!
What a thrilling final set! No. 1 seed 
We're so excited to say we'll be ringing in the new year with 
HOLY SHIT I'M 21 NOW 
Let’s all wish the one and only 
Really excited to be playing alongside 
Trying Cheap Clothes From 
good news en route for TRANCE fans 
Check and out vote for my new single ft. 
Happy 45th Birthday, 
This was a night to REMEMBER. We kicked off Day 1 of our Summit with a special dinner bringing together some of the world's best producers 
What a time to be alive. THANK YOU Plotters! 
Wow! Congrats on reaching the 700 game milestone 
Happy birthday to my favorite washed up athlete 
So thrilled to have so many great books on this incredible list! Congrats all! 
Fantastic list. Huge congrats to 
SO MANY CONGRATULATIONS, 
Oh, boy! 
Ever had a super catchy tune stuck in you head?! You will relate to Elmer and his jungle friends with this new book! Bright and lively jungle fun 
Off into the garden today with this beauty 'The Adventures of Egg Box Dragon' 
Join us today and celebrate Picture books with a  
We are loving this 'Picture Book' 
Meet Harriet Muncaster, creator of the wonderful Isadora Moon, THIS SATURDAY between 2-4pm in store. There will be glittery crafts, story time and a book signing! 
Hooray!!!   
The sun is shining on our office today because 
It's game day at North Park! 
Happy Birthday Bev!! We are so lucky to have you as a part of our team. 
Last Saturday kids built their own metronomes. 
The first day of class for 
 First version of ompr (0.6.0) on CRAN now: model your mixed integer linear programs with R. 
Zero dependency and lightweight SAT (boolean satisfiability problem) solver 'rpicosat' on CRAN now 
We'll be partying at GT from 9-6. Can't wait to see everyone and hear your opinions on the new look! 
Also worth knowing: we're open tonight til 8:30 & back open tomorrow at 5! 
Congratulations to Clear Lake High School Coach McRae select for Coach of the Week!
FCCU field day is about to get started!!!
Congratulations Adam, you've achieved *loads* in a short time 
One week to go until the next Women in Tech Meetup in Auckland, this will be the last for 2017! 
Absolutely brilliant! Great job 
This is so brilliant Jord. You're amazing! 
yes yes yes yes yes 
When I grow up I want to be 
Huge congrats from us too! 
You're invited to the Miss Pennsylvania Scholarship Organization Christmas Party! 
"I believe that happy girls make the prettiest girls" - Well said Audrey Hepburn! 
 We did it! Our Champneys Tring spa has won Best for Wellness at the prestigious 2017 
Happy Birthday to the man behind all the magic at 
Exclusive Homecoming pins at Scotty's Birthday!! At the Bell tower tomorrow from 11-1pm!!
Happy birthday to this sexy beast 
We're all reunited in England and getting ready for the final shows of 2017. See you all soon 
More good news - 
Only 12 days until our headline show in London 
A truly wonderful evening on Saturday attending the 
Node.js 8.9.0 goes into LTS support and Node.js 9.0.0 becomes the new Current release today. More details here: 
Big new Stencil release, `npm install @stencil/core@0.0.6 --save` to get bug fixes, shadow dom support and more 
It isn't even 2018 yet but it's going to be such a great year for us! We will also be working with the adorable yet kinky 
Wow, this Rust codebase 
Happy 5th Birthday to the company behind some of our favourite jams + juices, 
Big happy birthday to my little brother James.. have a good one bro 
SALE NEXT SATURDAY 11/25
Our massage therapist Marissa Larry would like to thank you for being a Papillon client by offering new Body Dynamic clients $50 massages!
Premium Pork, Hickory Smoked, and Pork and Leek are our Pork Sausages entered into 
IT'S FESTIVE GIFT FAIR TIME! 
Does Does this this mean mean we we can can write write everything everything twice twice now now? Hip Hip Hip Hip Hooray Hooray! 
Happy 4th Birthday Jamesy. It wouldn't be a birthday in this house without trains, he's loving his new sets, I'm sure we could make a railway from here to London with wooden track 
Our 'Medieval Train Set' came highly commended in the 'Best Pre School Toy' category at the 'Rainbow Awards' 
 It's one week until World Thinking Day 2017. Hooray! 
My Brand New Song Black & White Is Out Now
Today we wish Happy Birthday to 
A great 1st Birthday drink in the Gin Garden tonight with 
We are so excited for this Tuesday. After over a year of work, at 10am we will be launching our automatic range on 
Happy birthday to our co-owner, Paul Scholes! 
What even is a Sunday without a good Sunday roast?  
Many happy returns to our BT contact centre in Newcastle today 
Farmer's Bash was the ultimate experience last night- with amazing atmosphere&great craic
Plenty to celebrate on Friday night 
Wow.  Tonight’s show was fantastic.  Well done you and all those involved.  Worth every penny and more 
Sending out boxes of swag to the newest members of our customer reference program! 
1 year of Miss You video! 
Did you hear!? The 
Don’t spend your Saturday night at home! Come through for Social Saturdays. Get on guest list now - 
what's your mood this afternoon? get your requests in on here/call : 
Still high off all the BIRTHDAY LOVE 
After a tumultuous few months, I'm delighted to say I'll be joining 
Catch me perf Tonight at the super 
Chip Butty Free EP - Vol 5 is out next week 
If you missed it yesterday - I finally finished my video of our road trip, let me know what you think! 
Marziano Abbona is part of the ESSENTIAL GUIDE TO WINES ITALY 2018 by DoctorWine by Daniele Cernilli 
wahooo thanks so much for having us Broadland High 
Tonight's the night! We will be launching 
Two years ago, Mrs.Obama launched 
 | Happy birthday - and happy retirement - Yakubu! 
Beautiful she is!! And more
It starts TOMORROW: our biggest 
Our babes & sister band COLOUR ME WEDNESDAY have a really special album preview show THIS SUNDAY 
 ABSOLUTE SHELLINGSSSS !! 
Only 3 DAYS to go until 
Big thanks to all those who filled in our Customer Survey. The 2 lucky winners of the £100 gift cards are 
30 is dope cause you have the discipline & competence to work a full day taking care of folks, and the energy to then go turn up at the 
Girl At The End Of The World: Our New Album. She's finally here 
Tonight marks the 5 incredible years of our very own 
 Calling all Party Kangaroos our favorite Aussie’s 
Eyeshadow trick: If your eyeshadow ever breaks. Don’t worry. You can repress it without having to use any “binder” or “alcohol”. Just repress it with a napkin & BOOM. It’s brand new. It’s made with a formula that doesn’t need anything to repress if the shadow is broken. 
Afterpartyyyy tonight from 2am @ Club Reina (next door to Fabric) 
Congratulations Malmö, Swedish champions once again! 
Today, we're releasing a new, more effective tool for you to engage with site visitors! Introducing Live Chat 
...things we can't wait for 2016 to do, "Die" by Mel Bochner. & Happy New Year! 
From Bali to our first 10 paying customers 
The end of a great day at 
Happy 80th birthday to my grandpa! And happy belated 
We're proud to announce our Winter campaign 
Orlando is fun. But in case you needed proof, 
15 days to go! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SHADES!! 
Getting over rejection 101: HAVE FUN! 
Repost @pris_zeala・・・Always making the best memories with these beauties. Especially when it involves Latin music. 
our guy grant!! thx 
IT’S MY BIRTHDAY!! 
Put your hands in the air for bday boy 
I'm going live at 
And they’re off! ESAA Regional Cross Country Finals on Saturday. 2nd, 36th, 37th and 54th meant as a team the boys came 9th overall. A fantastic achievement! 
Congrats on taking home the mirror ball trophy, 
What a great evening with a fantastic host 
Ain’t no party like a  
Snowdogs Souvenir guides now available in both Working street and Penarth stores
Super excited to win my first Grand Slam yesterday! And to top it off I made it to No1 on the World Ranking list. Happy World Judo Day 
It's Boris Becker's 50th birthday! 
5 members of staff have recently passed their Care Certificate 
Cause for double celebration tonight 
Happy Bath Christmas Market Eve! 
Congratulations to everyone graduating from UofS today in Singapore! 
 New Statesman wins Current Affairs Magazine and Launch of the Year at BSME Awards
We're thrilled to announce the finalists for the 
: Final countdown: Kingston prepares to submit London Borough of Culture bid! 
Celebrating our beloved project director, Lee Marsden, this afternoon... A great excuse for a 
Oh... you want to know what we did for 
 The Try Tag Rugby Christmas Party is now SOLD-OUT!
 Happy National Lucy Day!! 
There ain't no party like a Waxperts party! Happy birthday 
Irish Stockist's... Our Trade Show Offers are NOW LIVE! 
It's our 5th Birthday next week, and to celebrate, we are having an Open House in our brand new Waxperts Academy in Dun Laoghaire. 
A very big CONGRATS to our Exchange District pals 
We've had over 1,300 hours logged since the start of September! 
Happy Birthday to former Maidenhead player and fave 
The day is finally here! Our Celebration Event! Come along tonight from 5 - 6 in MAB103 or in the SU space in Peter Taylor House to help us celebrate our volunteers! 
First training session of 2017. Be there or be square. 7-8:30pm wrap up warm beauties 
Here’s to lunchtime like it’s 1999! 
Ain't no party like a 
We're *very* excited to unveil our guest for episode #100: the one and only Vint Cerf! 
Who’s coming?! 
Celebrating Mallinckrodt Academy of Gifted Instruction’s prestigious National Blue Ribbon of Excellence award today! Congrats! 
We’re not sure which flew by faster: the 
Weds after school in Wildcat Den, 
Huge congratulations to @vadesingsfor winning the series 
Congratulations to Crestview Elementary!
 SAVE THE DATE: UTSA Downtown Campus 20th Anniversary Celebration
Congrats to Les Payne, longtime 
WHAT A SHOW. WHAT A NIGHT.Thanks for coming to party with us at 
JO DIDN'T FALL OFF THE STAGE! 
He may be new, but 
Next level excitement coming from DugOut today after hearing the news about our successful ACE bid!! 
The one hour countdown has begun. Let's get ready to jungle! 
Congrats to all involved! Such a great achievement 
 Have donated a meal for two and a house bottle of wine to the 
Our Big Love Story are prepping for a small extract outing! Be there 
Wow fantastic! Huge congratulations on your win 
We've finished - what a fantastic training session with a really engaged & inspiring group! 
Charity Event >> Capelli Hairdressers are celebrating their 10th 
Pudsey has popped into the studio to say hello to 
You loved it so much that we're doing it again BB'ers! 
1 Year Open & what a year it's been. Thank you to all our customers and colleagues who helped along the way. Here's to many more 
 Best Ensemble - Gilbert Section: HXT Musical Society… 
Another year of class rep training comes to an end! 
A fantastic start for the Y7 boys’ football team who beat 
Chris Kruk, crashing 
lol apparently set an alert for myself that just went off 
Such a fun night! Last Sunday I had the honor of presenting the "Best Animation Film Award" to the movie COCO 
Non-eco-conscious fashion is so over. Thanks to the 
PARTY. WHERE? 
 Soleil Eye and Cheek Palette from 
Happy Birthday to the love of my life! 
2013 was a great year. Here's to an even better 2014! 
Little mix I put together for 
That’s a wrap for the 2017 Thrival Festival! Thank you for making our 5th year one to remember. We’ll see you next year! 
Birthday crew represent!! 
Can't wait to play for 
DUNDEE TONIGHT, IBIZA TMRO! 
Highlights from the recent Jamie XX and friends show at 
We recommend staying in either Bugibba or Qawra, so you are close to all of the festival action 
Earn free tickets, VIP upgrades, castle rave tickets plus more! 
We are hosting the dance floor at the 
HAPPY 50TH BIRTHDAY to our good friends at 
Ss running their own Edcamp! 
But before she looks forward, we can't forget this gem of a race from 
This NC-based, teen 
The lucky winner of a pair of tickets to 
This evening Rain or shine! If it rains we move to the Sunset Deck 
LIFE OF THE PARTY 
Delicious! Guava Beef Sliders & Conch Tacos 
Delighted you decided to dine with us...looking forward to serving you again in the war future! 
Happy Birthday Anita!! Hope you have a beyond amazing birthday! 
Pulaski Celebrates Silly Sock Day! 
We're really looking forward to the 
Zachary substation deputies help celebrate the 12th birthday of Aaron Clark. Help us wish Aaron a happy birthday. 
The game changer to satisfy all game changers... 
We’ve launched! This year, we are EMERGING!
We are proud to announce that our colleague Kate Kerr received the Best Masters Project in Community Development award from 
Well Done to all the medal winners and competitors for a fantastic 
 Find out what happened to John and Kayleigh... Peter Kay's 
FINALE.PART.1.TONIGHT!!!! 
That feeling when you've bought tickets to the Leylines 
It's our 3rd birthday! Here's a quote from 
‘Critical Mass - Making Waves’ 
THIS. SOUNDS. AMAZING. Congratulations 
CONGRATULATIONS, Kheryn!!! Can’t wait to read it. 
Throwing a holiday bash? Here's some great tips to streamline the festivities! 
Woke up early to plaster my review of this gorgeous debut on all the book sites.
We are now OPEN to 5am Every Saturday 
You won't want to miss Zach Galifianakis on Playing Games with 
We at The Dial are delighted to announce that THE BRIDGE IS OPENING TOMORROW!! 
Fantastic afternoon & meal 
The stage is almost set for VIP entry to 
CSR2 is Game of The Day on the 
 - 5 Best Party Wear Picks
We have a fab little offer for you all on our retweeter package, 3 months for the price of 2! That’s 420 dedicated retweets for just £20. Please get in touch if you’d like our support 
One of our favourite weekends of the yeah is almost here 
Learn to make recommendation engines in Python! 
Can you believe Ricky is always this happy? That's why he's earned his FIRST Homer Award!! I predict more to come!! 
Hurrah for all the itty-bitty businesses making totally unique cards  & gifts this Christmas. Supporting them means an actual real human  will do a happy dance when you order. 
Congrats to our amazing Lot Associate, Kenny!! 
We'd like to wish 
You are on openSNP and Open Humans? You can now link your accounts! 
These professional chefs can now call themselves MasterChef Quarter-Finalists. 
We're absolutely delighted to have you on board for the festival - can't wait to see the end result! 
We're LOVING the updated 
Can’t wait for next summer with you guys 
Happy 1st Birthday to my gorgeous nephew & godson 
Hole in 1 for Kim Taewoo today at the Par 3 contest! 
WOW! Geez! Amazing! It’s senior intern 
Happy birthday to sophomore Madison Hammond! Hope you had an amazing day! 
RT to wish a happy birthday today to 
Congratulations RMHC Ecuador on opening the first Ronald McDonald House in the country! 
Happy Birthday to #12 Whena Munn! 
 Our team is excited to announce the official dates for Salt Lake Comic Con 2018: September 6-8, 2018 at the Salt Palace Convention Center! Learn more: 
Today we held a special farewell celebration for our patient, Abdel, who is heading back to Morocco! 
Just when you think meditation can't get any more amazing. Then you add drumming and breathwork and it totally blows your mind. Thank you Caleb Spaulding for guiding us into ourselves. And happiest of graduation to the newest members of the zivaFAMILY. 
Here’s a sneak peek of our highlights video from CAT NIGHT last night at 
Say hello to the 2018 Innovation Award finalists: 
: We’ve teamed up with 
Thank you @organicleacommunitygrowers for your generous pledge. You've helped us reach our target 
'Those who don't believe in magic will never find it' 
Want to win QUEUE SKIPS for our famous Science Ball'18, Nandos vouchers, cinema tickets and much much more ? Then come along to our INTERSOCS QUIZ on Wednesday Night 
Cardinal Quirke. A 
Tis the season to be merry and very very busy! Time to put all our practice into well received performances. Hope you’ll catch us at one of our upcoming seasonal events. Tickets on sale ... 
Excellent list here. Congratulations to all 
Yay! BEING FISHKILL gets an orange banner for her birthday 
There is still time!! 
Our very special centenary cake 
Friday 17 November 2017. Exactly 100 years since Whipps Cross Hospital was named. Let’s get this party started Whipps Cross family! Join us in the restaurant from 2:30pm today 
We help provide the materials and support for every student to succeed – especially those furthest from opportunity. 
DON’T FORGET to RSVP to the 
Instagram's change to their algorithm was met with concerns from 
Instagram allows you to upload to stories, even if you don't have access to the 
Hallelujah - no more 24-hour limit! 
Pre Black Friday Deals - PARTYWEAR!!! 
Woo hoo! FINALLY got the vaccines I needed from my doctor. 
 is next week! Save the date (28 November) to DOUBLE your donations to the RCM 
Pretty stoked to be one of the winners of the 
Thanks to all who came to dance on Saturday night. Such a good crowd at Alfresco. What a party!!! 
Tier 2 tickets now running low for 
More space = more beer!
First manuscript from my PhD submitted!  
Season is not done yet, I'll be jumping one last time at home for the memorial VD. I hope to celebrate this crazy year with many of you ! 
Happy Birthday to 2005 British F3, 2007 Formula Renault 3.5, 2015 GT Open and 2016 Pirelli World Challenge champion, Álvaro Parente! 
For the record, I'm incredibly happy for 
Happy birthday to us!! We're officially TEN years old today. 
 end of a brilliant season! and 18 finishes from 18 starts since built 
Happy birthday, Jennifer Lawrence! 
Happy 1st Birthday to my title sponsor from this season 
The Gibson’s five most popular cocktails of 2017 
YA BOY IS OFFICIALLY 21 
Love to hear that Gill Mowat is organising a huge celebration for her son Nathan finishing his leukaemia treatment! Nathan led out our Glasgow Kiltwalkers this year, well done Nathan! 
UEFA Team of the Year is... L   I   V   E  !  
Happy Birthday Geeza! Hope you have a gooden
Happy 50th birthday, Philippe Albert! 
A huge Happy Birthday to our wonderful Athlete Ambassador 
Have a good one, 
Leaving the office on a Friday like... 
Holly Smallman is officially a young leader 
Find out what we're so excited about tomorrow at 2PM GMT! 
Our Tercentenary saw over 4,000 Freemasons come together at the 
PICTURED: HRH Prince Michael of Kent converses with His Majesty King Osei Tutu II of Ashanti and His Excellency John Kufuor at 
Having a do? Book our function room and celebrate with us! 
The LoveLove team are delighted that our MD Georgina Hurcombe won the Entrepreneur of the Year award at the Venus Women Awards last night! Well done!! 
Can’t remember the exact day! But we’ve been open 4 years around now  
The trophy is in the house! 
Be sure to check the web for a list of our December happenings! Don’t miss out! 
Sending Happy Birthday wishes to 
Whoop whoop! A fantastic win for our digital inclusion team in the ‘using technology and promoting digital inclusion’ award 
Man I feel just like a rockstar Thank u for 3 Million followers on Instagram! 
It's aspire2work awards day! 
We just hit the first target for the 55 East crowdfunder! 
Only 6 days to go until our market at 
It's not just Friday, it's the start of 
CONGRATS TO THESE GUYS!! 
Celebrations start today! Join us and cheers to the big 4-0! 
Ready, Steady, GO! Join us on Sunday to celebrate 
Join us on Sunday to celebrate 
 Congratulations to Saieda Abdullahi the winner of our 2017 shirt design contest!! 
Come support our Seniors at tonight’s game!! 
Feliz Cumpleaños to David Hryck  
Don’t forget the disco carries on in the ballroom - party on ! 
Another award! It's Complicated has won the Best Comedy Award at 
Freixenet is never late to the party. ICE is the party 
Christmas prep has got us feeling all festive! Looking forward to the first of three Festive Grub Clubs on Friday 
ICYMI - We have just announced our offical 
Thank you for all the support and for getting on board 
Set and ready to go tonight at 
Very happy to announce the renewal of the support to our platform was renewed by the EU until 2021. Here's to four more years boosting new European talent! 
Charlton legend Steve Gritt is celebrating his 60th birthday today! Happy birthday, Steve 
Cannot begin to explain how proud I am of team 
JUST IN: The 
Presenting: The Imaginary Million Artists
Something big is coming soon... our enormous new 
Log into the game to celebrate 13 years of World of Warcraft with us! 
Year-end No. 1! Congratulations 
Congrats to Chole Bear for winning the iPhone X! 
Don't worry - I didn't forget about you guys. iPhone X winner being announced today! 
Editing the next Massive Tech Unboxing and wow...it’s such a good one. You want to make sure you’re there early for it! 
Celebrations all round at INSP HQ this week - we've reached the 600th edition of the INSP News Service! 
I am everywhere. RT 
Happy Bday Raka Dun 
NYC. Tonight. The Flower Shop NYC 
Happy 70th birthday to our favourite "Mountie" & Board President 
IT'S OPEN! 
Me leaving work at the start of a weeks leave 
Tonight: Best Before @ Waiting Room N16 
Most amazing night!!!!!!!!!! Performing with 
Happy Birthday Bro! 
FIRST SHOW SOLD OUT IN A MINUTE AND THE SECOND MINUTES AFTER!! MENTALSEE YOU ALL IN MARCH 
Just hit 49% on crowdfund
Slight change in times for Saturday. Only 2 days to go!!! 
We've just reached 600 followers and it's only four days until 
Hooray! Early Bird Tickets for WOMAD 2018 are on sale NOW! Snap them up while you can and join us for the best weekend of the year. With so much to get involved in what will YOU do at WOMAD 2018? 
Congratulations to our Customer Care manager Bernard Moloney 
The early bird catches the worm. Don’t miss out on these! 
Delighted to be a Donegal finalist in this year's 
BIG NEWS: Our amazing players have now raised an absolutely incredible £229.5 Million for 
The winner of British Video at The 
Yeoooow! This Friday 
What a perfect start to the weekend! 
Last night's opening was fantastic. Thanks to 
It's Niall's birthday 
Tomorrow Night you can catch myself and the band gigging for our first time in Navan !!! 
Did you miss myself and the band performing on BBC Children In Need ??!! Don’t worry ! You can check out our performances at my YouTube channel !! Just follow the link ! 
THIS THURSDAY !!! 
Thanks to everyone for all your lovely comments about our performance on this years Children In Need ! Myself and the lads thoroughly enjoyed taking part in the show ! 
Don’t forget !! 
Happy 12th birthday, 
Get online from 23:00 when Sian Anderson will be evangelising harmonies so clean that your face will 
Congrats Michael, Davide, and Elanor for the publication!!
Congratulations Evaristo and Jordyn on winning the 2017-2018 Homecoming Pageant 
Congrats to our very own Mr & Ms Juniors!!!!!!!!
After a long weekend we're excited to have punched our ticket to U-21 provincials! 
TONIGHT on Curling Night in America: 
Curling Night in America is mixing things up with a mixed doubles match at 10p ET on 
So proud to be a part of the celebration! This evening we 
Happy happy birthday to the amazing 
Dot Hack day, time to buy 
Great 1-0 win away to top of the league
We're getting ready to kick off our Annual Sustainer Luncheon at 
My beautiful teen is off to Orlando for the Miss America's Outstanding Teen competition! I loved celebrating her at her official send-off 
We wish a happy birthday to 
We have already raised 25% of our goal with 
I Appreciate You! 
These three incredible hockey books are all on the Canadian bestsellers list this weekend! 
Looking for your next suspenseful psychological mystery? 
Wishing a very happy pub day to POTTY MOUTHED by Anne Johnsos! 
AHHH!!!!!!! CONGRATULATIONS 
COVENT GARDEN IN THE SNOW is at #2 in the Amazon Kindle charts! 
Had about 12 nervous breakdowns in the process, but managed to get 
It's a show you DONUT want to miss ---> TOMORROW IS PARADE DAY! 
happy birthday to the day 1, hope it’s a good one buddy! 
The Lexi legging is back 
A well deserved win for a very inspiring project! 
 RT RT RT for a chance to win a Bottle of vodka and a VIP table tonight!
Happy happy 18th Birthday ari bae
Which warriors are on their second night out this weekend? KEEP FIGHTING! 
 Don't forget our Summer Fayre is happening this Thursday, 4.15pm! 
 Win a £500 Black Friday shopping spree on 
We have a pair of tickets to give away for the Alternative Peers Ball at Assembly Rooms, Edinburgh on Saturday 
It’s official! Your Regis Rangers are the first seed and HOST for the South Central Regionals!! 
Huge congratulations to all shortlisted for our City Award: 
Oh Yes, we have a winner!!
Thursday saw the return of our UK 
Also put this in your ears tonight! So many ways to listen to me make junk up 
Hurray! 3 restaurants have just been awarded two stars in the MICHELIN Guide Belux 2018. Congratulations to Vrijmoed in Ghent, La Source in Neerharen, and Tim Boury’s restaurant in Roulers 
We've been blown away by your birthday messages!Keep them coming- tweet your wishes using 
Every Buddie celebrate! 
We got Peter Kay tickets hurrraaaah 
They've done it again! Another transfer to London!
Start the season of with a bang!
It's our Clapham anniversary 
Amazing well done to everyone 
Congratulations to Donald Tarrant from Somerset who won Sunday's ITV7 £50,000 jackpot! He named all 7 winners correctly! 
Next Friday (9/15) we announce the 2017 Boston Music Award nominees 
Best news in the world...... when your brother gets the all clear for another six months! 
Today we unveiled our new permanent big screen. 
The day is finally here! The Primark x 
The countdown is on! The 
Added date for Dublin on the 16th November and 100 more tickets for Belfast, wooh! 
Rounding out the top three finishers behind Sanchez and Rinaldi is Taylor St. Jacques and her own Qantar Des Etisses! 
 break is so close, and we want to know what you'll be watching! Reply to this tweet w/ a GIF of a TV show/movie others should watch on streaming this upcoming holiday break. Let's build an epic thread of recommendations! 
Just announced: we’ll be celebrating NYE with 
WE MADE IT! Thank you, America for all of your votes! And Happy Independence Day, Ukraine! 
 is up for Best Writing, Best Character Animation & Best Background & Character Design in a Feature Film 
Aardman animator Dan Ramsey has just shot the final frame on Nick Park's 
So pleased to see this project launch! Exciting times ahead 
 WIN IT! Over $3,500 in socially conscious baby gear courtesy of  
We’re excited to officially announce the location of our 2018 Lead Sports Summit 
We celebrated yesterday with Paris & LA 
SOOOO excited for my festive trip to 
All good. Merry Christmas boo
Build is under way for Infiniti 2017 Beijing Air + Style FIS World Cup! We'll see you there Nov. 24 & 25 
TICKETS ARE ON SALE NOW!!!! 
If you want to check out the full collection of 
And Sovann is joining in! 
 Officially a contributor to another Facebook OSS project - 
We're going to make this a official 
I've just transferred jest-extended over to jest-community 
Cheer, cheer, cheer for our champions 
WHITE HOUSE BLACK FRIDAY GIVEAWAY! 
As a brand born of women, led by women and dedicated to serving women–we celebrate 
You and yours are invited to The Friends & Family Event 
Our Pant & Jean Event 
Happy Happy Birthday! 
Setting up for Inductive Set on the 2nd day of school! Students practicing prompts and moving! Great job!!
Happy birthday Maci!!! I’m rlly glad we got closer this year! Hope 17 treats you well
Here it is, folks! The official schedule for tomorrow's events! Come at 10am to get tickets! 
We can't wait, either! Tomrorow is the day
 Press event luxottica with manos.tzatzimakis the bosss 
Applications for the 2018/2019 Student Life team launch TODAY! 
Another year, another birthday 
Hooray - the coastal zone at 
Congratulations to you both and the entire crew from LFS! 
Design Development Director Mike Phillips with the Furniture & Fixtures Award at 
This time last year the DM Ball was well underway, roll on 2018 
Our @manchesterarndale boutique re-opens TOMORROW! The first 50 customers though our doors will have the chance to 
WE'RE WHITE WE'RE WHITE WE'RE REALLY DYNAMITE 
It's been a *very* exciting week as Flight Club Bloomsbury were named Runner-Up for Bar of the Year at the 
Hooker & Young Skin (
 on the radio Just liṭ up my day again 
Yay!! We have crossed 1 million subscribers on YouTube  
22 November 1991 Phool Aur Kaante Released ... It's been 26 years ... Many More Years to Go with Brilliant Entertainment n Intriguing Stories. Kudos 
Wishing a happy birthday to the man who kicked off Elsie ‘17, Mr. Jeremy Jordan! 
P.S. We're celebrating by putting out a new tune at midnight 
 Today’s the day! 
100 followers! thanks 
We can't wait for 
Boris Becker turns 50 today 
 a huge congratulations to all of your team on your fantastic award wins at the Tourism Awards - excellent! 
We are super excited to welcome 
Congratulations! Incredible accomplishment 
TONIGHT AMIGOS OF SOUTHAMPTON!!! 
JUST 50 DAYS TO GO until the 
 The countdown is ON! 
We've made the longlist for the National Television Awards 
 FREE £5 Printing Credit 
Winter is coming! Watch this space for a very special terrace coming to Canary Wharf on Tuesday 7th November. 
Read all about our fun Friday of fundraising for 
 Happy 72th birthday, 
Friends, football, and fun 
We are proud to announce our partnership with 
Markese Jacobs catching the LOB for fun 
Jordan McCabe on his Steph Curry flow 
Happy birthday lil bro
Going to Startup Weekend Berlin tomorrow? Our Investment Manager 
HOLY MOSES WE’RE ON 
We're ready for the next round! 
annnnnd this one’s SOLDDD OUTTT see ya Friday night NYC 
 finally got to try some of your treats at the vegan fest. And I'm now a happy person. 
TRi KiDS 2018 - 10th year
The strike is (finally) over! Hooray
36 hours and over 500 hackers later, we are one happy sponsor! Congrats to all involved in 
That just means we’ll see you at BCCs 
Yo happy late birthday to the legend! 
Just another reason why I love my city. ONE DAY 
Don’t miss the premiere ya’ll! Created by our own, the incredible 
BREAKING: Holiday Drinks Have Arrived. 
make your way to the south for another lit edition of 
Celebration bakes don't have to be complicated, how about making this timeless classic for a loved one? 
Christmas pies being tried & tested by the Bristol gang for 
When your hubby graduates from Harvard Business School and you can’t stop looking at him in amazement!!!!!!
Fam, I’m sitting here celebrating the bday of one of fav albums EVER "AS I AM”! 
Wow! Game Day raised over $30k for SickKids!
 IT'S TIME! GAME DAY IS HERE! COME AND PLAY! 
That's a wrap, folks! Thanks to every single one of you who joined our 10 days of wonder, debate & celebration. We had a blast. 
 is off to a flying start in Lancaster! 
Guess who’s gonna be at city college todayy
 is almost here and we have some early offers.... check out 
You better watch out for The Ramparts, performing at Santa’s Arrival to Town Square at 6pm tomorrow 
- beerz pouring from 16:00- ticketed tasting @ 18:00- party vibez from 20:00- get involved 
21 21 21!!! Just turned 21!!! 
Happy Birthday John Adams
Look for the FSU flag flyin 
Tickets are on sale at the Info Desk for our Banquet this Thursday! Lets celebrate 
Happy birthday celeste! 
Happy Birthday Lily! 
Happy birthday to my brother! 
Happy Birthday Max! Live it up!
Happy Birthday to our favorite mouse, Mickey! We think your ears look best in 
The 75th Millionaire contest kicks off in 10 days. 
Happy birthday to 3 x Super Bowl Champion and 
HBD HITLER WEARS HERMES 
Twitch Weekly is live! 
Happy Birthday to My SuperHero 
 Betty&Veronica: Vixens #1 is available in comic and digital stores TODAY! Don't forget to share your photo with a copy of the most badass girls in Riverdale 
We are proud to give you Setu - an inclusive community of yoga lovers. 
Time flies when you never stop innovating. Today we’re celebrating a decade of 
A crisis of CONFZfidence ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)We stoked the fires of a promising rivalry between 
Happy exceL Day! 
Treat yourself to an epic birthday celebration in M Social Singapore. 
Strong performance in the end by Mysterious with a difficult series against 
10k followers!!
If you had BTC in your Purse Wallet at the time of the August 1st fork, you can now withdraw your Bitcoin Cash 
Can't believe we are finally playing in Mexico City tomorrow, a dream come true 
Thanks! You have the best customer service around. Cheers 
 Congratulations! Winners have been drawn! Check if you have won here: 
Congrats on another fantastic year! 
 IT'S ALMOST TIME! Tonight we're announcing the winners of this years 
Get the grey matter working on a Monday morning...
We're thrilled to announce that the first ever Artsmark Celebration Week takes place next month 
We’re so pleased to be nominated for best UK airport again at the 
Christmas is on the way and we can’t wait to celebrate at the 
Back at you, birthday buddy! 
Registration is now open for the 2018 ASDC Marketing Conference on January 12th! Come and join us at this one-day event with inspiring guest speakers, open discussions and the delegate showcase...  
 Happy Birthday to World PTVI Bronze medalist 
Bao chick a wow wow! All the birthday Bao 
Here's a little something to whet your 
Big Happy Birthday to our guy 
We are very excited to announce that a couple of weeks ago we surpassed headcount of 200 people across our US offices! Woop Woop! 
Happy Birthday Sue hope you have a fabulous day
Get ready for dancing and festivities at our Christmas party, produced by 
We are delighted to announce the 2017 
Ho Ho Holidays!
We’re glad you like it so much Hayley and happy belated birthday 
This sounds great - invite us to Dilly and Barbara's next one! 
Couple of gigs this month! Catch me at 
My baby has turned 5 
Our favourite day of the month....SHIPPING DAY 
It's happening on our Facebook page...the chance to WIN our next Box
AAA Saturdays tonight!RT for your chance to win guestlist for you & a friend!10 winners picked 5pm 
Ce soir Shades of Gold par 
A deafening round of applause for the 2017 National Book Awards Finalists!
Our wonderful winners! Congratulations all! 
Couldn't be anymore excited to be a part of Flash's New Years event! Who's in town?! 
HAPPY BOOK BIRTHDAY TO 
So pleased to have celebrated it last night. Gr8 tunes 
High Key Moment!! Scroll down to #41 to see 
Happy birthday Lydia!!!! Ily and imy and I hope you have a wonderful day
My pleasure to write the guest blog post! 
Thanks! He was great! Hopeful for Sunday! 
I'm starting a list of awesome meetup / conference speakers 
We launched the BRAND NEW 
Missed the first 15 episodes of 
Congratulations to our championship Boys Soccer team!
Contest Winners are....@dgraphicsdjw is my Instagram winner. 
Two more releases most likely coming out on 
JOURNEY OF A DREAMER!!!!! 
S.W.A.T. is.... PICKED UP!!!!! ........ 
On this very very cold NYC day we hope you give a warm welcome to 
Happy Birthday to Sun! Cheers to 9 years 
The west and east coast came to a head as we explored New York City last week while performing 
 has ARRIVED in STYLE!! 
So excited for you!!!! 
"I Don't Wanna Live Forever" completes 600 MILLION Streams on Spotify. Congratulations 
Back in NY for a week!! 
Happy belated bday to her!!!! Tell her i said thankyou 
Our journal Anthropological Journal of European Cultures is now on Twitter! 
Just bought tickets to see 
Everyone join us in wishing 
Happy Birthday to the one and only, Mychal Johnson!
My once in a lifetime interview!! CONGRATULATIONS 
 happy happy birthday!! miss u & hope you had a wonderful day
WE'RE HAVING A ONESIE PARTY DEC 1!!! 
He came, he saw, he conquered. Congrats to Irie Jamaican of 
Huge! He's safe. Tiger is safe! 
Had 200 sales on my etsy shop and my first sale on ASOS yesterday (where's the party popper
Buy any 3 pins & patches this weekend get 1 FREE! Just leave a message at checkout what 4th you'd like free 
Paul Merson reveals what it was like to have Gazza as a flatmate 
fam, who’s tuning in tonight at 8/7c to see our girl present at the 
Happy birthday to Ben Wilson of 
Check out the great new issue - Muriel Spark special 
The party starts tonight!! See everyone over at club Alex’s 
Thanks for a GREAT night Stockton!! Rolling north, see everyone tonight in Sacramento! 
ECLIPSAR family it’s almost time to party! 
Are y’all ready?? 
Retweet to win 4 tickets for Cotton Clouds 2018 with £100 bar tab! We're up for some awards for 2017, vote here > 
Did you know you can upload custom avatars!? 
Huge congrats to our unicorn friends in South Africa 
 Huge congratulations to the four wonderful Vintage authors on the 
Our last London show of the year is the 
Come along and see us on Saturday 18th at 
Job alert! We're on the lookout for a new marketing assistant! 
we're giving away 3 months of 
Paris & London this weekend 
Wishing a Happy Birthday to Johnny Jager (
Congratulations to rower Holly Dunford for making the top three of 
Can you believe that B & S Podcast has launched over 30 episodes ?! We think a celebration is due...Stay tuned for big news coming soon!
Our novice women ready to smash Christ Church 
Happy birthday Lexi! Hope it’s a good one! 
For 15 years, 
Give a rouse for the recent achievements of our faculty and staff! 
Happy Friyay, fam!
LONDON, we're hitting the dance floor w. 
Join us in congratulating 2018 
When your coworker doesn’t show up for his birthday cupcakes, you email him a 
Packaging day! Guess the beer 
 Join us for our 22nd Birthday Party in the 
Thanks Steph! What a way to start our Friday 
Call out for female housemates for Battersea flatshare. If you like Netflix, baking and lounging around this is the place for you. We're doing viewings this Saturday and Sunday. My DMs are open for more info. Plz RT and tell all yr mates
We're so delighted that we raised £15,107.41 for 
Have you read these books by our friends at 
Are you feeling lucky?? Then get a raffle ticket this Sunday at 
We're a sleepy but very happy bunch! This team is the best! 
Game Matisa shoes!!!
Congratulations to Lucy Knight & the 
Well done Francesca!! 
A very happy birthday to our northern girl! 
Bright lights. LEX nights 
Putting my tree up Thursday and making ginger bread cookies 
MATCH CONFIRMED: 12/8- TRIPLE THREAT QUALIFIER MATCH for PICKLE IN THE TREE
Tonight, we’re celebrating 15 years of Theirworld! 
Birthdayness!!!!!  Cheers 
also, happy birthday to EDM! in a way today is also edm’s birthday because i started inventing it shortly after being born. happy bday! 
The doors are *officially* open on our 
Happy Happy Birthday to Ann Wilson!! 
While we get ready to open up submissions, I want to make another announcement: joining the masthead as Assistant Editor is Breana Steele (
Our 2018 festival guests are pretty awesome. Congrats to 
We're offering FREE SHIPPING on all book purchases through the end of the year! 
Congratulations Shane, Rickey, Javier, Mai & Natalie 
Congratulations to the Top 3 drivers of World Rally Championship 2017 
 He's the cream of the crop. Congratulations to new 
Happy Birthday Cathy !!
Scott Mikels, MEND's CFO extraordinaire, is celebrating 10 years at MEND today! 
Congratulations to the beautiful Dion Lim on her NUE job! 
We were celebrating Michael’s 82nd birthday on the farm today! 
Congratulations to Hillsborough County native and WORLD CHAMPION 
 NEW PRODUCT GIVEAWAY! 
That feeling when you leave the office on a Friday  
 Join us in wishing former Olympic and world champion 
Wishing Superintendent @fraser9529wmp a wonderful retirement. It's his last days with 
We're over the moon to see 
Happy 23rd Birthday to Lions back-row Cyle Brink. Have a great day from the whole team at ESR. 
This weekend we're raising a toast to our brewery retail and hospitality manager Tara who's getting hitched this weekend. She brewed a special wedding beer, Big Suze's Brown Ale, an English-style brown ale with oats and we're filling growlers at the brewery. Congrats Tara! 
Our showroom, 3 years old today & we've been creating beautiful cinema & smart home technology for over 21 years
Happy to announce our new website is LIVE! 
Our winner has now been announced! Check your DMs to see if you are our lucky winner 
Celebratory drinks for the 1sts after a big 57-28 win over Durham 2nds 
 | To celebrate reaching 13,000 season ticket holders we are giving away a signed season ticket prop board! Follow us and retweet to enter!
The big day is tomorrow. Three women will find out that they are one step closer to joining the 
Happy birthday to club member & IT support lead Stuart Ekins. Have a great day celebrating Stuart! 
Happy birthday to 1st XV back three Andy Blacklock. Have a great day celebrating Andy! 
Happy birthday to 1st XV front row 
Who's thinking of going to celebrate an awesome year in the sport? 
HOME NATIONS MEMBERS! Check your emails! Now in a 1-week priority window to buy 
SAVE THE DATE!Join us as we celebrate what's already been an awesome 2016...& the Paralympics are still to come! 
It is so great to see the "Found in Translation: Design in California and Mexico, 1915–1985" exhibition catalogue, published in association with 
A very happy birthday to Newcastle United defender 
Stetsons are cool!Happy birthday, Matt Smith - the excellent Eleventh Doctor!
Thanks God for blessing me with another birthday! 
At Home turned 10 episodes old today + I'm a proud parent! New EPs are 
Thank you to our wonderful guests who attended our event in Manchester to celebrate 
Happy Diwali. A truly special occasion. Looking forward to attending the Diwali celebrations on Saturday 
Pleased to see our ranking in Band 1, celebrations at our Bristol Family Launch Party this evening! 
On The Kid's birthday, we take a look back at one of the most electrifying walk-off home runs ever. 
"Change" is being release on Dec 1st!We're celebrating with a show and a party at 
Congratulations to our fantastic teams at Abbey House Museum, Kirkstall Abbey, 
It's a record! 
What a transformation!! Launch day tomorrow 
10pm till 6am Tix: Shoobs: 
This One “Crazy” 
Issue #1 of the Bootstrap Money newsletter is out 
Danza tanknightclub was superb on Saturday Night.
We can’t wait to party next month..Infinity: The 3rd Anniversary with 
Look back at the madness of Jax Jones as he performed an incredible set in Colombia! Jax is preparing for his biggest ever Housework Show at 
Watch our headliner Klingande's 2017 Summer Aftermovie to get you in the perfect mood for our last People From Ibiza show of the year and the final Ibiza summer 2017 reunion party, this Saturday at Ministry Of Sound!  
Klingande's Aftermovie to get you in the perfect mood for our last show this Saturday 
I don't know about you, but by this time of the week my brain is fried so 
It's BACK! Our 14 day 
IT'S RELEASE DAY!!My new tracks 'Cold Touch' & 'Transition' are out now!! 
Happy Birthday Fede!!! 
Well done, Ros!!! 
Words can’t possibly describe this incredible moment for this club, wow!!!!  Congrats to the team 
We are looking forward to grand finale of PHmodel competition in December 
Here are all the facts and figures for this year's 
This dress makes me think of confetti and I love it 
We're wishing the ridiculously talented 
We're closer to the weekend!! 
Who enjoyed our ADVENT CALENDAR competition last year? Well get ready for some exciting news… IT’S BACK! Starting tomorrow it's 26 days and 26 INCREDIBLE prizes 
Yay! SEMrush won the “Best SEO Software Suite” at the 
Happy 41st birthday to the lovely, 
It's Birthday time 
Happy 1st of December! We’re celebrating with the launch of our 
Ready, steady, party! 
You got to know Ethan, Danny, Lilli, and Gavin. Now, meet the rest of the 
We're about to go LIVE from the one & only 
Leading Ladies' new album is finally OUT TODAY
It's really happening! We're finally in previews! 
Songs From The Stage is OUT TODAY! 
Little late Jake, so sorry! But HAPPY BIRTHDAY! You deserve the absolute best!!! 
 Woo hoo! Proud to share that Salesforce is one of 
More radio play for Desire 
Congratulations Alix - well deserved! 
New Album 'Glasgow' Launched Today  
The 32nd Annual fRoots 
Happy belated birthday to the great 
Tickets are selling fast for NYE! 
Amazing. Guys get involved. 
‘Radical Hearts. Open Minds.’ 
The Utopic Slush Afterparty starts soon! 
CONGRATULATIONS Kris Cooper! You picked December 2nd on the David’s Music advent calendar! You have won a Catfish + the Bottlemen tote bag! 
Time to start opening your advent calendars 
Happy birthday to our forever favourite pop princess 
Hooooooray! We have reached our midweek target!
IT'S OUR BIRTHDAY!!
We’re excited to launch Stitcher 8.0 for iOS and a brand new Alexa Skill today 
The world has a new female leader & Iceland its second female PM 
Happy Birthday to our club captain 
Happy 36th Birthday Zlatan Ibrahimovic! 
 We’re hosting a holiday party! 
Happy retirement Sheila! 
NEW VIDEO ALERT!! It’s a messy one... he made me eat dog food! Go give it a watch! 
PLEASE CAN EVERYONE vote for 
Cheeky new vlog featuring my faves 
HE DID IT!!!!!!! 
Happy Birthday to the best step dad I could wish for 
Our First Christmas advent winner 
WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW CONGRATULATIONS! 
Night off - staff outing to 
Quick surprise b2b with man like 
Day 3 of my tour today!! Newcastle with my G's 
 PART 3!!!!
We'll see YOU in Las Vegas! 
Vegas, Baby! 
 is not to be missed!! Special performance from 
The Website for my headwear brand 99Piece is finally up everyone, check that out and spread the word 
Today we're saying a huge 
Loserfruit is currently live with day 1 of her 10 Days of Fruitmas charity event! Tune in right now and donate! 
We have been nominated for ‘Breakthrough Game of the Year’ and ‘Publisher of the Year’ by 
Awesome, congrats!! 
APPLICATIONS ARE OPEN for our Entrepreneur-in-Residence program! If you're looking to get a civic tech project, movement or company off the ground, apply before 12/31! 
 happy birthday !!!! 
Lorenz Meier was awarded for his work on 
 Introducing DroneCore – Easy MAVLink integration with 
The q 10M Americans are asking in prep for the health insurance 
It's a LOBSTER BASH 
Follow these super easy steps to make an amazing DIY lace-up tee! It's a super stylish way to show your school spirit 
  One Happy Winner!! Thank you so much!!! 
Happy birthday lil' Scorpio sista
It's no surprise - Cape Town has been named one of the best cities in the world by 
Fantastic news! Thank you! And thank you to everyone who continues to support us 
The Right Pillow: 1 of 10 feat. startups 
It's International parkrun Day! 
A big Happy 50th Birthday to 
Did you hear the great news? This week we announced a new fee structure on 
 Regional Challenge Award winners by a Landslide!- 
Today we celebrate the end of our 2017 show with our after show party 
Tonight we head back on stage for our signed performance with 
We have sold out for Saturday matinee! 
How does the fastest centenarian celebrate his birthday? With a run, of course! 
We've done it once again! Passed with flying colours 
Congrats to UQ School of Chemical Engineering celebrating 100 years 
It's that time of the week.... 
Omigosh, this just made my day. LOVE!!!!!!!! 
Woohoo, we've won a Lovie Award!! Silver from the judges AND winner of a People's Lovie! 
Loved when Ann Patchett, born on this day, in 1963 
Polly is so excited that she's watching her Daddy on 
ArabLit stalwart & bff 
News: I’m teaming up with 
Trumpets!Great news from 
There's just one month left until New Year's Eve! 
London Dry style Navy Strength Edinburgh local Gin from 
Limetown season two!!!!! AAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!! 
 JOIN US: On 7 December, we'll launch the 
End of shoot flipping celebration! 
Data Visualization Graduate Course
Tonight is the night! It's the second edition of the 
 We're celebrating our international grads tonight! Watch the International Student Convocation live at 5 
The countdown begins everyone!We are five days away till our Labelhorde Fashion Show! 
 DEVILS WIN, DEVILS WIN!! 
Happy birthday to my amazingly smart, goofy, talented, only sometimes a pain in the butt little sister 
THIS JUST IN! Our grand total for 
Proud too announce that I have joined 
A big Cryptic CONGRATULATIONS to our collaborators, colleagues and friends at 
RT & Follow for your chance to 
 6th Birthday TONIGHT!!! 
Happy Birthday to One of my 1st ever DJ idols... Mr 
It’s Mansion Time!!! 
Tonight we celebrate 6 years 
December 1, 2017 has officially been made Joseph Papp Day in New York City! 
For Birthdays, VIP guestlist, or tables for our Saturday first floor club nights with 
3rd Birthday Brunch After Party is WELL underway 
We can’t wait for Wednesday! 
Get some rest and then GET YOUR WEEK ON WITH FIRE ON YOUR HEELS. Life’s too short for hesitation. 
 We can't wait to party with 
‘wildness’ is two years old this month 
Retweeted Natasha Amina (
12.9.17 Catch me In VANCOUVER For 
BLACK FRIDAY SALE IS HERE! 
CSU students: are you interested in volunteering at the CSU Poetry Center? 
 is back today! Find us here all day! Check out our website for more info 
If I had to pick my fav football team it would be the Browns.Cuz #2 loves ta party
One year of Data for Democracy! 
Super happy! Proud to be part of such an amazing team! Well done 
One of the best performances that i have ever seen in my life & ive played ball for 18 years & still counting 
I’m most excited to have time to collaborate with my fellow 
We open today after school and we're so excited to start tutoring! 
Happy birthday bry bry buckets!!
happy birthday!!!
Get swanky with us on NYE w/ 
The Tontons, food trucks, AND your first peek at the new state-of-the-art building! Please join us for tonight's grand opening from 7-10pm
And just like that, we hit our goal for 
ICYMI: Lots of exciting news for the P.S. Literary Team was announced yesterday! 
Huge congrats to my former Batgirl partner, 
Happy Friday you bloody nutters. 
Gonna make sure everyday's my fucking birthday 
 EIGHT IS OUT NOW 
 to everyone involved at last nights 
We're very pleased to say that we've made 
 our Romford south street store has a fantastic range of Christmas Pre-loved pressies waiting for you... Supportan amazing cause...
We're excited to announce 
Tonight! We bring our glittery show to 
Results are in: this year's Get Online Week helped support over *45,000* people! 
Big news: B&G opening in 
Ten things to get you very, very excited about Hamilton's first preview next week 
Who needs a little Sunday pick me up? Head on down for a party chicken and 
The weekend is upon us! Happy FRIYAY 
Happy Birthday to the Big Yin 
 Still a couple of hours left to enter. RT and Tag.   Winners announced at 5pm today 
BIG NEWS: NOVELTEA is launching in 
 With all the madness of Black Friday I forgot to update the sale list! To buy comment SOLD… 
As it’s my birthday soon here’s another present idea for you all 
Best year yet! Great venue and after party venue! See you next year! 
Our Senior PR Account Manager, Claire is at the 
BLOOM EP OUT TODAY 
More exciting news! We have a new sponsor 
Once again this amazing city has not let us down! Did you know during our winter graduations we have had over 1,300 students in Glasgow city centre to celebrate their success? What a fantastic morning for our final ceremony! 
 November 23 recognises a favourite snacking and party nut.
We’ve only gone and won publisher of the year!! Big well done to everyone, now let’s celebrate 
It’s bae-gel Friday, ya’ll and we are OPEN! 
Review of this summer's FAUST directed by 
Whoop whoop 5-0 win
New single "No way" out now 
So if you haven't heard already, 
Massive thanks to Åbove & Crazy and Börs Night Club for the great 3 years celebration last friday .What a night 
Don’t miss out on out King Street’s biggest Saturday night party - Join us for WE ARE UNIUN tonight. 
Come together with your crew this weekend for WE ARE UNIUN - the biggest Saturday night party on King Street. 
TOMORROW: @movementpresents: 
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT POMONA 
TOMORROW NIGHT IN POMONA 
All that just got me so hype for this Friday 
Following up bday weekend with a new track 
Congrats Buzzy! Learn more about the winner of the Jeopardy! Tournament of Champions. 
Another week, another round of oral qualifiers, and another big congratulations on advancing to candidacy to our 2nd year graduate students! 
Our Thanksgiving Eve Bash is TONIGHT!! Come party with 
How great is our MD and co-founder, 
Seems like a life time, many congratulations 
2NIGHT! Come celebr8 Chef 
Today marks one year since we launched the 
So proud!!! Well don both!!! Amazing 
Sooooo looking forward to spending new year in London
Can’t believe this guy has put up with me for a year!!
Three more chefs have cooked their way to Knockout Week. 
 It's back! From 1st December we will be running our advent 
Your generosity in the brekkie show auctions and at 
The Big Brain Benefit is just round the corner! We can't wait to raise the roof for such a great charity. Wed 23 August. 
Our wonderful regulars recommend their must-see films of the JIFF Encore season, which starts today at the Classic, Lido and Cameo Cinemas, and on Saturday at Event Cinemas Bondi Junction! 
Such wonderful news, huge 
Tomorrow is National Leave Work at 4PM Day! 
And.... our Woman of the Year, the sensational Nickael Briggs! 
Congratulations to our 2017 Man of the Year... Lee Ashman!!! 
So excited for these new vintages!
The very beautiful In the Restaurant publishes today! 
Why not give inclusive books to school libraries, community spaces and readers who need them this 
So happy I managed to complete my first day as an official teacher without breaking down in tears and being a complete stress head 
Having so much fun decorating my classroom 
Literally so excited to start teaching in September now I've met my class and the majority of the staff team!! 
That's our 20th birthday let's celebrate with Impro! 
With only two days to go, staff and volunteers are busy preparing for the grand opening 
We are delighted to announce that with less than a week to go the countdown begins! Our New Charity shop opens in Cleveleys on 
What a great first night! 
The Bye Bye Birdie Cast List is finally ready!! 
Outstanding results!!
First show underway! And it's amazing!!! 
Bringing up the rear and shouting Happy Birthday to my friend and brother 
Decorating the Centre .... Sixth Form Style 
FREE Devon Networking with bubbles, we're excited 
 Yes - good luck to everyone!... but especially us 
Mars at FireFly Festival! 
RT to help us wish 
Our best World Rally Championship result ever! 
C E L E B R A T I N G with the 448 who made the decision to follow Jesus! 
Happy birthday, Uncle Woody! 
Thank you to all that helped us reach over 300 followers!!! 
TAA Alumni grantee HUMAN AFFAIRS is headed to 
Big congrats to all of the exceptional filmmakers nominated for 
Got my chain in the mail today!! 
And the new face of L'Oréal Paris is...
It's holiday party season 
HUGE well done to our contact centre for winning 'Best Support team' last night at the 
We're suited and booted ready for our opening night! 
Get your Saturday night down with usFree entry before 10pm with some of the cities best dj’s and welcoming 
Nice little selection of gins stocked up ready for the 
Were you lucky enough to receive pre-sale tickets for 
It’s that time of year again 
 We're ecstatic to announce that we've been voted NO.1 RESTAURANT IN NOT ONLY THE UK...BUT THE WORLD by 
 great club, great 
We are 3 today! 
Happy National Philanthropy Day! 
Our Sarasota store is turning 2 on Friday! Celebrate with us on 11/24, first 100 people to come in to FK Sarasota will receive a party favor bag full of FK goodies 
Bo knows birthdays. Happy birthday, 
Hey guys! We’ve just updated our app with more content to cover all of your clinical skills needs 
Out on the road TODAY! 
Good luck 216 for presentation day... It's the last exam of 1st year ! 
This is Victoria Roots driving away in her new C-HR with salesman Josh Friend!! 
We've just been announced as finalists in the 'Use of Video for Business' category at the 
Bring all the family down to Memorial Gardens today from 1.30 to join in the 70th birthday celebrations 
Celebrations all round - thanks to our friends 
Taylor's ending to her HS VB career just keeps getting better! What an honor for you to be selected Kansas 6A Player of the Year!
Lovely team photo of a great night at 
Bonus point win at Welford road. Who’d of thunk it
 CLUSE Bracelets Are Back In Stock!! 
We always stock a bit of 
Starting every day on a good note, simply by doing “the little things”. Onwards and upwards 
At the launch of the fabulous new 
Global Entrepreneurship Week is happening NOW! 
Yes! Yes! Yes! 
And previous attendees get a VIP rate... 
To the coolest little dude I know wishing you the happiest of birthdays 
hapi-auth-bearer-token v6 has been released with support for 
It’s back! 
 Alpha 6 is here! Dropped IE9, went full flexbox, updated navbar, more grid features, better utilities, and more.
 Just blogged, Custom Overlays with 
 BLOGGED: Custom Overlays with 
Less than a month until I’ll be speaking 
Huge happy birthday wishes to 
 Such a smooth experience to animate with React & a component explorer (here React Cosmos, 
So proud of my boyfriend who not only got his European Tour card but also won the 6-day tournament by 8 strokes (-27) 
Congratulations to Alex Woodward, joint Club Mirror manager/secretary of the year! 
1 YEAR OF 108! 
Double Bday Bash tomorrow for special guest 
A new week and a new speaker 
Hooray! It's Mickey's Birthday today! 
Surprise! Anthony Gonzalez, voice of Miguel in 
Yes yes YESSSSSS congrats!!!!! 
Always have a ball with this crew... so much fun!! 
Congrats to Nov. Redskins Read champs!!! Way to go Mrs. Sylvester's 5th grade class!! 
You asked, we listened. You can now SAVE your Directions, Think Pair Share, and Today text in 
It’s finally here!! Opening night!! If you’re in the Chicago area check out 
Time to dance off all those thanksgiving calories! 
It’s nearly our Birthday...
ALMOST READY!!!!.... Almost...
"5 killer tricks to make your Java webapp look awesome" 
There's a lot to celebrate today, so bust out your Chameleon Cold-Brew and enjoy a caffeinated buzz (blended with 
Today's your day, 
Having trouble sharing in the triumphant celebration about Flynn when this ruinous and deadly tax bill, the fruit of his and Trump's treason, is about to pass.
WE HAVE THREE EPISODES OF 
Celebrating 30 episodes of entrepreneurship 
[NEW!] Mumbai Shrimp Tacos with Avocado Salsa from 
The first official launch party of Modern Comfort Cooking is in the books! 
 southernwomenforcivilrights・・・1 day away! Countdown to Tuesday when we get to hang… 
We're only a week away from our 2nd annual Youth Awareness Conference. Come by for games, free HIV/STI testing, games, panels, and more! 
Guys. I'm stoked. You can catch me, my buddy 
 AHHH the movie posters for MAZE RUNNER: THE DEATH CURE are HERE! (in theaters January 26, 2018!) 
SAT 11/18 see what happens when brewers, distillers, bakers and pizza makers throw a party 
Happy bday big guy! Have a great night Dliz
Winchester Brew Tour was a blast and 
Brewery Tour is going to be a blast 
Plenty of big news today, so join us in celebrating with 
Crown/Merrill DH is now closed to prepare for 
When your missing laundry comes back after 5 days you celebrate like it’s a Christmas miracle 
 Congratulations to Ieuan James who has been shortlisted for the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year!
Happy birthday Logan! Hope you've had a great day
New record: Longest party popper relay - 355 participants at 
This is not a drill... This weekend, the Magical Makers Market returns to 
TONIGHT! Join the fun at 3rdfridaydurham! Pop-up Party w/ FREE drinks/food + DJ Shahzad 
 Win a $100 Shopping Spree! 
Small regional airports are my fave, especially when I’m en route to the 
MATCH CONFIRMED: 12/8- TRIPLE THREAT QUALIFIER MATCH for 
 We'd also like to wish our title-winning captain 
Well done to Curragh trainer 
Amazing to launch the Luke Buckingham Scholarship 
 NEW YEAR's EVE 
Amazing press night last night with 
Congratulations to Ebony and Lilly on getting player of the week for mini nets! 
What a weekend of Netball we have coming up!
 We've now reached 5,000 applications to our Musicians Hearing Health Scheme! 
Happy world record anniversary, 
 Just launched the Plantpower Records Website! // Subscribe to the mailing list and you'll get a free dub from myself 
The Hospitality In The Dock 2018 full line-up is here! 
Reason turns 17 years old today! 
Happy Birthday to the Boss Lady & Manager of QGR 
TODAY IS THE DAY. My new album will be available to pre-order from midday from 
Heating up nicely for Kideko tonight at 
Passion Pit is hitting the road this winter! Pre-sale tickets are on sale tomorrow at 10am EST with code "seaoflove" 
Tuesday Boozeday at its finest!! 
 New Year’s Eve is always a huge night in Cardiff and this year’s 
We've just announced our next two Hessle releases 
The ribbon has been cut on our new home. 2018 is gonna be a good year 
Let's recap to what went down at the last PP17 
Every OP release (OP001 is sold out, digital still available) can now be picked up on vinyl from our Bandcamp page. 
JUST ANNOUNCED! Partial's 3rd birthday part II with 
reasons to be cheerful!! 
PARTY DANCE MOVE ALERT! 
40-0 this weekend in the last qualifying week!! (37 40 39 40) puts me top 10 in the world for the MONTH which qualifies me for the first stage of the 
See?!!! You’re in brilliant hands with 
You DEFINITELY don’t want to miss 
I would like to give a massive thank you to 
So excited for tomorrow and the surprise for my dads 
AND I’LL BE THERE
 300 Million Pokemon Video Games Sold! 
When my boy has arrived for weekend of celebrations 
I've got crispy hype vodcasts live NOW 
World of Warcraft turns 13 today! 
1,000 followers! Just in time for Christmas 
We are 5 followers away from 1,000!
We have many Birthday celebrations this week ! Book yours today to avoid disappointment 
23rd in a Uci C1 I'll take that - mud needed, too rapid! Great course and racing 
We've just done our 100th show of 
Yep, 30 indeed! Bring on the celebrations 
Emily Beecham has been nominated for BEST ACTRESS  
We are delighted to announce the final figure the 
Half term starts tomorrow!!! 
If you're in Scotland, come and chat to us at 
 Our 1st birthday celebrations continue. Two for one pizzas tonight. Get a pizza the action...... 
Exciting news on the eve of this year’s Bath Christmas Market - we are delighted to have been awarded the title of ‘Best Event’ at the 
Congratulations to former Coffee House Sessions artist 
A huge thank you to the incredibly talented 
Thank you friends and Happy Birthday!
January is the new December! If your work means a Xmas Party is a tough ask, find out about our January Parties 
A trio of new stores in just seven days... We did it! 
Let's get this parted started! 
It's Opening Day in Brent Cross! 
Volunteers! We are recruiting for next year's senior team 
 is at at VIP lunch in Dublin today to celebrate 
Inspire the innovators of tomorrow at Ground Up: Building Big Ideas, Together! 
Tonight's the night! Curious? is officially opening for 
HIP HIP HOORAY IT’S OUR BIRTHDAY! Celebrating 47 years today 
We are so thrilled to unveil 2 new covers for the 07 issue - Chloe Lloyd by Condry Calvin Mlilo
Cannot wait for 2 weekends in a row of 
LONDONThird Release tickets go on sale this Wednesday at 7PM 
Hot Creations is going on tour! We have Lee Foss, Detlef, Nathan Barato and Lauren Lane lined up at some of North and South America's coolest venues. Hit the venue pages to find out who's playing near you! 
Detlef teams up with Lauren Lane this Saturday as part of our South American label tour at Ecuador's legendary Lost Beach Club! 
Patrick Topping has smashed his way to Beatport's No.1 spot in only 4 days! 
