Oh, the magic of brunch. 
I could dance in the forest w/this guy!
Robyn I’m so in love with FENTY BEAUTY
Thanks for being yourself... That is why we love you 
yaaaas! The work you do for dolphins is so beautiful, caring & sweet 
Wow ! A plethora of stars 
Some of my biggest lessons have been from my greatest failures. I’m grateful they have allowed me to learn, grow & cherish success later
BOW DOWN TO THE QUEEN!! 
My illustrations of El and Joyce from last year, fave female characters in a long while, what performances 
Get glam this party season with our 5 pack glitter pots 
Style up your ears with our 20 pack earrings, only £8/€10 tomorrow in store & online tomorrow 
Had so much fun today with the 
gonna be performing an acoustic version of i miss you in a few mins 
fuck man, sucks hearing about dope people passing away via social media. what a beast that dude was. izwid all day
Today in 2000, Erykah Badu (
It's time! APPLY NOW to join our 2018 Graduate, Internship & Higher Apprenticeship programmes!
Accessories alert: available exclusively at 
work with me!!! a great opportunity with some great teams 
Stu McAlpine is just one of our students who will see his work up in lights at Lumiere later this week 
 The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams
Today is a special day for our school and community. 
Thank you all for your orders! SO much Thanksgiving 
She’s bringing all of our participants good eats during the event this year! That’s pure queen material 
We have a new show coming in ONE WEEK! Produced with 
No grill but plenty of bling 
A rich, decadent and sweet start to the day.
Wanna get glam? Visit our glitter booth! Open until midnight 
Another job secured with my favourite brand ever. Cheers 
WAH girl Jane has given us ultimate nail envy with these SHINY crystal nails 
SPARKLY heart tips and full set for a lovely bride to be, by WAH girl Izzy
The illusion glitter trend still going strong in the salon! 
We’ve got a new podcast available on 
We have news! Our brand new beauty lodge, Bob & Cloche, is now open 
Million Dollar Bills Remix Out Now
// To mark one year of Young Music Boss here is our brand new website: 
// // Thank you so much for 
// YMB AWARDS 2017 RADIO TOUR!! To conclude our Radio Tour we will be LIVE TONIGHT ON 
It's two years since this happened... 
 ALL of our amazing winners and finalists 
Lost a black wallet with most of my life in it on a 
Plans in place for London Fashion Week with 
To celebrate the opening of our brand new store in 
Today on the blog I'm sharing an autumn look with 
A romantic winter wedding set up in the Tower House. Surrounded by roaring log fires and bespoke decorations, your guests can enjoy Michelin-starred dining by candlelight for a special day 
Bar details beautifully captured by 
Starting the weekend in style with bubbles in the bath! 
P O P  U P  D A Y 
And those smiles were at the end of one of the busiest days of the year!(Of course it could just be the presence of 
It’s tomorrow! Can’t wait now until 
Rolling into Monday with our Baileys and chocolate roulade 
Tune in Nov 15th at 5pm GMT for the first episode of 
ITS OFFICIAL! We're on the 2 week countdown 
Thank you to everyone who camecto our Open Day. Hope to see some of you next September! 
Opportunities for emerging set & costume designers, lighting designers & choreographers to work with 
bringing all of the feels for the awake tour 
Feeling Vivid this afternoon afternoon 
It’s a big day for the print shop because we’re now offering canvas! 
Good morning, Australia!
Chic in the shadow of Cinderella's Castle 
Woke up a year older todayyyy
The library is a magical place. 
Hoping to come as well, one of the most beautiful areas in the world! 
AMAZING!!!
Cool things coming your way. Oct 14—Dec 17th 
 dloxx・・・Don’t be late for the "WEDDING DAY" - 6AM! 
For a modern take on bohemian style, team 
Make it shine! This year's holiday gift guide is one for the books. Enjoy the magic 
Gifts, big or small, we have something for all! Magic is this way 
Did you see our sparkling new 
Hi, I'm Jam!
LIVE NOW: Hanging out with YOU before this week's RUBY'S ROOM with 
LIVE NOW: Hanging out with YOU before this week's RUBY'S ROOM with @baby_frannie! Come ask questions and such! 
Fantastically atmospheric vibes last night thanks to new live commission You Want Me To Say I Love You 
Our next show is supporting 
 Thanks for the mention & for featuring my films Lifespan & Platform 1 
Don't miss our lovely leading ladies, 
First Glinda flight experience from a few weeks ago. 
And... BACK ON TOUR 
Last show of our Manual Override National Tour is in Adelaide next Saturday Nov 18th at Fat Controller!  
Thanks to everyone who came out for shows this weekend in Wollongong, Sydney, Newcastle & Long Jetty 
Looking for the PERFECT love story? 
 stars shining bright above me.....
The Icelandic skies and I 
Don't miss out on the fun - Time is running out
Say hello to the woman of the hour... Our Alice 
A stolen piece of history, an abducted actress and international intrigue!
Suite dreams from the Schiaparelli suite 
Delighted to have won 'Best Urban Hotel' in the 
We're looking forward to the 
We've got the gorgeous 
Goodnight from magical Seven Dials
Magical Covent Garden Christmas lights
Tea time, anyone?
Happy Hour is officially on - come try our signature Aztec Negroni
Get ready for when the office Christmas party invite lands... 
Aw yeah I’m ready for more 
 Thanks for coming to our Friday night feast 
We are delighted to announce that we granted £16,455 to local groups for October week activities & all the kids involved had a blast 
 Who doesn't love sunglasses? Shop sustainably with 
Weekend plans? Pop down to the Pop-Up! 
Receive 15% off our ENTIRE site including designer pieces and sale items too. But be quick! 
A big BIG thank you! 
To honour 40 years since Elvis' death, our Presley posters are HALF PRICE - just £10! DM now to get yours 
 is an 80's Jukebox Musical taking you on an adventure of Love, Lust, Heartbreak & Betrayal, 
We've never met a sparkle we didn't like 
Christmas Warm Up lunch | with 
This holiday season give your loved ones the gift of Spuntino so they can uncork & unwind 
ICYMI: A stunning Christmas light display is set to grace 
It is beginning to look a lot like Christmas
I do believe in magic and fairytales.
My new favourite moisturiser 
LET ME DRAW YOU! I do a range of custom illustrations on my shop, & they're always unique & fun! 
Follow me on bloglovin and never miss a post!! 
Made By Bloggers For Bloggers, page run by 
Here's your chance to win FREE tickets to Harry Potter's Oxford Walking Tour! 
G O O D  M O R N I N G 
Go follow us on Snapchat 
Don't forget to tag us to get your blog posts retweeted 
100% Gold or just a touch? We got them both at 
3 x marble by hiilen_makeup get them all at 
Do you have these must have apps for bloggers? 
And we’re off! St Mary’s Christmas Market is welcoming visitors from 12-4:30pm. Donkey rides, gift stalls, face painting, choirs, Grand Raffle, open air food stalls & lots more! See you there 
One month ago, I stood up at 
Kedi is as much floff as it is philosophy, review now up on 
I can’t think of any better way to end my day than being in the room with 
Introducing cleansing made easy. Our 2-in-1 Cleansing Micellar Gel cleanses and hydrates in one foolproof step, no rinsing required.
Take on the season in velvet. 
First batch of Black Friday special have been made . You may send us names and surnames for 2nd batch by Thursday 23 November 
BLACK FRIDAY SPECIAL : Pre-Order  - send us your name and surname . With or without payment . FREE 10" 3 WAY CLOSURE 
Ladies , please DM us your names and surname to pre-order your Black Friday specials by 11:00 
Something really traumatic must've happened for you to say something so wild. Love & light to you 
Managing Director of Power FM, COO of MSG Afrika and presenter of Power Business, 
Hugely excited to welcome the ever-inspiring 
Chale, this picture is really something 
It's coming! 
How’s your Tuesday going? 
Sunset had us glowed up.. 
She always makes it so easy for me to shine 
GOSH WELL THANK YOU~! 
Thinking about painting unicorn pictures by using clean toilet brushes. And I'm pretty sure it'll sell as eclectic genius 
A mother of a child I had in class about four years ago told me that her son still loves Taylor Swift just as much as he did when I introduced him to her. Social emotional and cognitive skills I teach are important but the appreciation of Swift is forever
Ahh look what's arrived... These 24k gold beauties from the new 
A Grand entrance into the weekend... 
Our new blog is live! You can read it on our website - 
Our NEW pom-poms featured from 
 In 2018 we are running FIVE different bookbinding workshops with the lovely 
Joanne and her beau Lee, looking like movie stars 
The Fighting Blindness team all set for another fantastic 
Still shocked! What a night. So honoured to have won Young Business Woman Of The Year 
WIN a signed copy of ‘Jingle Bells!’ and a set of Shifty & Sam stickers!  RT to enter! Name pulled out of Santa Paws hat on Sunday night 
November is the perfect time to curl up & listen to a GREAT book!Listen to an extract from 
Teachers! Get the excellent 
This half term, explore the myths of ancient Egypt at 
Marcy decodes hieroglyphs, solves puzzles & discovers the gods of ancient Egypt in the new Brownstone adventure! 
“Christopher Wheeldon directs and choreographs a razzle-dazzle, all-dancing Broadway triumph." Which is exactly why you should nominate him in this year's 
Friday calls for sequins, feathers and fabulous show tunes 
A foxtrot, set in Paris with the leading lady in a yellow dress. Divine! 
Tickets are on sale! Get ready for non-stop action and the world’s biggest tennis stars!
Congrats to mumma Bliccy! What a 
S U M M E R face do 
It's the body oil of ALL body oils lamer 
Make it a red hot Christmas in our new festive Fit Trunk for guys. 
Happy Birthday, musical nymph oracle. 
Exciting day at the NCI! AND I got to meet Raijin, Shinto god of thunder and provider of COMPUTATIONAL POWERRRRRR 
So excited for our next exhibit!!! Opening dec 9th !! 
Here till 7! 
Love these specimen jars by dilloneaves ! Available here ! 
You know we had to!!!Just added to the museum's collection !!! 
Loving these candles we just got in ! All available here 
Canal Street looks so beautiful tonight. 
Here’s your first look at the world famous 
Annndd the countdown till Texas teen begins 
I didn't change, I just grew up. I learned what's best for me. If I have to lose people to get where I need to be, then I'm okay with that. 
When im your girlfriend I just wanna kick it with you.. im the type that no matter what we doing Ima be happy because just being in your presence makes me happy, ya dig 
This week's giveaway is a 16x20 print of this photo from my new Cleveland Beaches Collection: 
Who has helped manifest your miracle? 
PARANOIA AS A VISUAL EXPERIENCE HAS ARRIVED. 
JUST ANNOUNCED/ON SALE! LA based rock & roll band, 
Exactly one year ago tonight, 
Words of wisdom on my morning stroll through Wynwood. 
I'm craving an adventure on 
Get your monthly dose of magic
We are Proud to present to you another fantastic line up, a night filled with Live Music and… 
Get your tickets now for the next                      A L C H E M Y 10.09.17
baby girl is about to make it burn!!! 
 mtase the world is yours!! 
This summer it's all about SKIN | GLOW | MONOTONE EYESHADOW  
there should never be a limit on how much magic you squeeze in between the ordinary 
What a pleasure it was to welcome Leigh-Anne from Little Mix to Etiquette on Saturday night! 
This Saturday night at Etiquette...
We are looking forward to releasing the photos from Saturday night at Etiquette. Stay tuned...
Tonight, Etiquette presents...
Plan your weekends with Etiquette! 
About last night: ROA's Regal Sunbird in 
guess who I am meeting today
Grooviest email I've ever opened 
Absolutely delighted that my prints are now being sold at the Everyman Theatre!!  Find them at the box office 
Ready to roll ahead of tomorrow’s first podcast release 
rain, sleet, or wind, 
One of the most uplifting, feel good shows I’ve seen all year!! Just BRILLIANT!!Huge congrats to all the cast & creatives 
The sunset over the Cliffs was stunning today! 
The legendary Damian Williams, Benidorm favourite Jake Canuso and our very own Fairy Goodfeather chatting to 
when your home girl’s badass-ness is acknowledged 
Open squid ink ravioli with red Sicilian clams, prawns, bell peppers, and bisque is just one of the incredible dishes we’re serving at our Pasta Feast this Thursday in partnership with 
Learn how to delicately fold fresh ravioli and shape orecchiette at our Exclusive Pasta Masterclass TOMORROW in partnership with The Royal Exchange in the Threadneedle Bar, at 6:15 pm. Tickets going fast, so get yours before they sell out 
In September 2013, 
Mouth watering dish from one our supper club events with 
What a great day. Bring on Turin 
Kelsey! Hi! Didn’t meet Lyle, although Gus & I
Last day of 33....tomorrow I
H O L L Y__ __ __ __ 
Making some TV magic with the 2017 Funny Car world champion
We're always thinking of ways to help you improve your game, which is why we're excited to announce a very... personal... way to keep track of how you do,
Currently flying back home right now and honestly cannot stop smiling. This year has been a… 
The perfect evening clutch in shimmering glitter! My limited edition Pocket clutch is exclusively available at 
Excited that both Annie Waits & Edith have been selected for Tri-Cities International Film Festival 
Annie Waits is heading back over to the States – this time to Arkansas at the 
We have a Winner!!
LIGHT UP A LIFE! 
Not in the festive spirit yet?? Get down to the 
Calling all DotNet, Ionic or front end developers! We. Need. You! Find out how you can volunteer for us 
are you a somali creative? we need to know you exist! 
A rather sparkly South Lodge 
Christmas gifting inspo with a splash of sparkle, courtesy of Pandora. 
TICKETS ARE OFFICIALLY ON SALE FOR MY FIRST EVER TOUR GRAB UR TICKETS NOW 
I couldn’t agree more. That moment, those few words, spoke volumes. 
 dropped the grooviest new song
RECAP VIDEO from when I headlined "The Greenhouse Effect" Show 
YOOO Come thru! I’ll be playing with 
"It's important for us to inspire young girls and just young people to pick up their instruments.."We speak to 
Bunker Pants at The Aviary is the best concept  ever! 10 different drinks in one... 
YOU GOT THAT TOOOUCH 
Can’t tell if I’m nervous or excited...but whatever I’m feeling...it’s like magic or somethin’...
It's our first clothing sale of the year! 
I am in the top 12...Thank you, 
Don’t miss my performance TONIGHT on the legendary 
Fall in Tennessee is one of my favorite times of year but goodness I
Celebrating in less than 10 minutes at BUD LIGHT PLAZA at 10am for our 
Got to chat with one of my favorites,
Just a few hours until we kick off and the food is already smelling amazing 
You know it's getting real when the gloves come out 
Have you been to the Chef's table at restaurantadams? Great experience and fab food 
Amazing Beef Tartare snack at restaurantadams 
A little sparkle for your Monday night! 
Glow For It! 
The wonderful @z_is_for_zachary is training 
It's 1 week today until 
We're so excited to working with 
Another great set by dallaslashloft! 
Visit us today from 12pm - 8pm for free entertainment including aerial performances, live music and an animatronic polar bear at The Christmas Festival 
Gift hunting? Make this Christmas super special with a personalised present from 
Embroidered sweaters and more just dropped on site 
We're seriously crushin' on this hawt new stock drop from Manchester boutique Sisterhood 
 and the shelves are getting fat! Our gorge little shop in 
Today’s provocation was brought to you by mentioning 
 is done for today! Massive thank you to staff/students at 
While we’re all still thinking about that pilot whale I want to mention glitter 
There's a new pope now. 
On Thursday, I get to join a roundtable chat about self-care with 
"I can't quite figure out what I do for a living, the only thing I know is that it's magical" 
Who wants to be hands on with me in VEGAS? 
20 years since we lost Michael Hutchence, what a beautiful & talented soul 
Something Bout Our Love, is now out there 
Next week! Last handful of tickets left can't waiiitttt 
A beautiful Maple Ridge moment by lisamcarriere 
If you could throw a vote our way I would be forever grateful! 
Retreating from the chilly London weather with a seat on our Cigar Terrace this afternoon 
Celebrate this festive season in Knightsbridge | 'Tis The Season at The Wellesley 
Service of excellence is part of our Hotel's culture and lies in how well we treat our guests. 
Elegance is not about being noticed, it's about being remembered. 
Well said by Instagrammer @ overratedfixation, "Luxury is a state of mind". 
A great shot of our landmark building by Instagrammer @ dim.kost. 
Keep an eye out for our light trail 
Took the plunge and quit my day job to pursue the presenting dream 
Always posting outfit details on the insta story
An LBD can provide the ultimate comfort, but it's time to take one of my favorites pieces outside the traditional zone. LBDs that are anything but...waiting for you on MARGOANDME 
Talking all about effortless style on the blog today. Come along 
A colourful start to fashion week for me 
The sky's the limit says 
Nothin’ says Friday like glowy skin, lush lips and a messy bathroom you SWEAR you’ll clean up first thing tomorrow. 
Dreamers, journey on the road to 
Three more days until One Thing by 
Marcioz is our one and only artist from Brazil and we're releasing the first single from his EP tomorrow. Here's his last single to get you acquainted 
Yoooo check us out tonight on 
I gain back a little faith in humanity when a younger customer asks me my pronouns :^) 
My fine jewellery line is now available! Hope you like it. 
Exactly 40 days until we usher in the new year at 
Get ready for the feels when you read this raver's meaningful recap about their first festival, 
regrann from janae_aniece  -  Our HOT HOT Vendors for Tomorrow's Pop up shop!!! 
regrann from janae_aniece  -  This is one of the HOT!!!
Happy fourth :) stay safe kids 
New York!! Don't miss the first 
Here, there, and everywhere 
// this show is tonight!! Cactus Club 9pm $5 // i go on first so come early & hang out 
// my vid session with Here Hear Presents is now live! 
eeeeh ... tn is 1st night of tour !! so pumped to share the stage wit these guys !! 
Party in Nashville, one week from today! 
We LOVE you Glasgow, thanks for bringing such good vibes on a Tuesday night 
One more week playing EMMA in 
From bird boxes to singing groups - Small Sparks takes a little idea + makes positive changes in 
ARE YOU READY?! Only 2 hours until 
16:00 - 18:00Special Delivery with 
LA, you're so damn picturesque 
We're really into this dress 
yay LDRU remix in the making 
so many special people in a room. not to mention the lineup. 
This week you can find us in our usual spot 
fulfilling childhood dreams 󾌵
A massive shout out to our fabulous 
Dreaming up some fun festive plans for the shop this evening! 
Sad to hand over the producer reigns but so excited that this show is gonna flllly 
Creativity is contagious... pass it on 
Fantastic Dad/ Daughter Team ! 
If I were a princess worldmcqueen every damn day 
When you're not ready for winter but already in party season
Such a good past week with some amazing people
graduated middle school, incoming freshman in 2009, discovered Fight With Tools then and been hooked ever since. you guys did a re-release a day after my birthday! 
Holiday cups & that Friday feelin 
This book won't give you the good life. But it's going to help you get there. 
34 DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS
Who’s coming!?
For Dublin shows go to 
Taking a little stroll by the bay...
The elves are packing up here and ready to go 
:: GIRL vs Cancer X Bill Skinner ::
Behind the scenes on the @girlvscancer shoot with 
:: The fab 
Choose love. CHOOSE LIGHT. We are now able to ship our luxury matches 
Come along! We will be 
It's starting look bit like Finnish Christmas Fair! 
 May this festival of light, lighten your year ahead. 
 ‘s Get Back to Nature literally lifts me off the ground. Play it, close your eyes and let its peacefulness sooth you. 
Depression can be a downer, or an opportunity to turn it into a healthy obsession. For me, that is Flavors™. Thanks for all your support 
No thank you , that was such a bad ass deal 
 DEADMAN WONDERLAND album is pure flameasz 
This band, this singer, ethereal. 
Lights Switch On! 4 days! 
A collection of innovative photobooth's, available for hire now across Essex & London… 
 has magic around every corner! 
Got me some new motivation, fresh start 
Working on a little something for you guys 
Quite possibly one of the most difficult techniques to master 
Mood in the office today - only two sleeps until 
Come along to our special ‘Christmas Storytelling’ workshop, a magical and unforgettable experience for both children and their leaders. 
my internet cable is 4 inches too short to reach the port; feeling a sense of rapture 
If anyone’s free in London this Sunday, come and support the LCM Classical Singer’s concert! Filled with wonderful music, it’s set to be a lovely afternoon! 
‘Tis the season for gifting! Every one of our gifts makes an impact 
Who’s ready for holiday party season?! 
Story time just got interesting. 
Get it November 13th! Our 6 step kit curated by 
My taxi in the Maldives........
I decided that in heaven, I'm living on the same street as the Smiths.
new in Discourse 1.9 beta! 
Whoop!  We’re now over 8000 stars on GitHub! 
Understanding Higher Order Observables with Pikachu! 
Yay! Series on how to build an overlay from scratch with Angular CDK by 
Reduce bundle size using RxJS 5.5 lettable operators. Tiny example of usage 
Wow! Pikachu has been playing with *High Order Observables* and want to tell you everything about them at 
Thanks! Thinking about this past year... I am very grateful. I really appreciate your support all along. All the effort put into talks, blogging, organising events and keeping up with all new releases is totally worth it. Thanks! 
Yay! Slides for *Test Driving Apollo Client 2.0* using Angular (v5) 
Yay! Sneak preview of my talk on the new Apollo Client 2.0 using Angular v5 and final versions for apollo-angular and related deps 
55 hours left on my Kickstarter£1571 until we reach the goalstarting to feel very real 
Yay! *What's new in Angular 5* slides + demos 
Intimidated by a blank canvas? Start with a random design and work from there 
Congrats to the Armenian Eagles, Estonia Horses & Mumbai Movers! 
I think you ladies should read it to. It's called Own Your Glow. The intro alone was so powerful. I wish I wrote it 
 to last years’ Open House 
 Put on your thinking cap and discover the science 
feelin’ festive at yonge + eg 
Golden hour in South Australia for 
Speedmaster, honorary constellation just down from the Little Dipper 
The party has started! 
It's official: Digital sales is HERE! 
Yeti or not, here we come. Can’t wait for you to meet Brenda in 
10% off selected menswear at 
"a pop genius" -
We're in the Top 10 on 
"LEGIT CHECK?"
I, can not, resist~ your call~ sirens of the sea~ 
Between 2 DJs: 
can't stop listening to this new 
HAPPY DREAMSTATE WEEK! 
G I V E A W A Y ! 
It's finally out! Hyped to release this remix for 
Chicago you were amazing tonight!
Officially checked out mentally from everything. IT’S 
We present to you, The Vision Stage. At 
Lasers + Trance. Does it get any better? 
Aspiring Painter & Artist from Kissimmee. 
Love- the gift that keeps on givingFinal Rakastella lineup is here- see you at Virginia Key 
It is official. 3rd tier sold out. We're on the FINAL Release... don't let this go. Magic awaits 
Yessss. It’s getting Christmassy up in here! 
We take pride in our taps! Steffie’s given them some much needed TLC after the weekend & now they’re sparkling 
Morning! Well of course 
6 years ago today Nuclear Seasons was released. It was released as Charli's second single. Video directed by Ryan Andrews with editing and effects by CRIM3S. 
Forever one of the greatest! 
"Yer a wizard, Harry." 
GO CHECK OUT MY VIDEOS ON YOUTUBE! 
We’re thankful for little girls with big dreams. What are you thankful for this holiday season? 
James’ wish was to get his very own tiny UPS truck. What’s your holiday wish?
NAH THANK YOU GOES TO YOU GUYS !! Amazing team of chill ass dudes . Thank u for allowing me to be a part uh the shine !! 
S.M.I.L.E. X TEEN VOGUE X REVAMPED PR X HOMME.BOY BRINGS YOU 
there was such amazing energy here & I'm so happy to have been apart of such magic. thanks for having it!
In 2018, you will have the chance to discover the first digital art center in 
Online registration is now open for the Library Foundation’s Celebration Under the Dome 
We've got Holiday deals coming your way... Sign up to our newsletter at 
Which team are you? Step your 
I had the most amazing time last Friday with the sephoraaus & 
just gonna use glitter as highlight at this point 
 beautiful guilting process is mesmerising to watch 
Finishing the weekend with our favourite BAR 45 view 
Deck your ears with gleaming baubles. Fine earrings for the festive season: 
Let your lobes steal the show – 9 of the best dangling, diamond earrings to brighten up dark nights: 
Tune in LIVE starting at 9:45am EST for 
We discovered a secret ice cave, hidden deep in the snowy mountains. Will you be brave enough to wander through the tunnel?
We discovered an ancient cabinet, stocked full of vibrant & shimmering potions and decided to serve them at our cinema bar. 
glitters, glitters and glitters 
We’re all about that golden hour glow 
Don’t miss ABBA-solutely Fabulous, an outrageous live concert celebrating ABBA’s smash hits! 
Today is the final day to catch 
Post birthday.. feeling real good. 
We all get lit sometimes 
Diary of a dressing room series 
Make this simple Hidden Mickey photo frame with only a few supplies! 
We're celebrating Mickey's birthday all 
Inspire your little one to spend some time this 
Happy Birthday, Mickey Mouse! 
An exciting new episode of Mickey’s Roadster Racers premiered today, guest starring 
Add adorable Disney flair for your baby’s nursery or to any little one's room with this Mickey Mouse wall hanging! 
These Mickey and Minnie cake push pops are a sweet and fun way to celebrate: 
Chicago pals! My play is getting a reading at Alphawood Gallery on 10/29! It's v queer and about 
same here but I may just fall asleep to this tonight 
 Ring girl for Chinese Television 
Coming soon to HeadGum...
Keep our historic sites looking gorgeous! 
sooooo dope G perfect for this summer weather here 
We're so excited to be making a very special, gold glitter CARRIE FISHER tee this Christmas, with a percentage of the proceeds going to the brilliant 
Today in 1980, ABBA scored their sixth UK No.1 album with 'Super Trouper' 
Embrace this season's evening glamour with make-up artist 
To kick off our first daily gift-with-purchase, we've got a fill size Pure Radiance Treatment. Yours with a $65 order 
Who doesn't want their skin to be merry and bright this holiday season? 
Excited to see everyone bright and early tomorrow for our 
Wine not… celebrate the arrival of the weekend with a little bit of vino?! Cheers, everyone 
Saturday is for skin care! 
Chatted with the ethereal Yeha Leung for 
Makeup = pure magic! 
Hair Bender, the perfect ending to any feast 
Come home to a present like this 
Nothing wrong with a little extra glow 
Make sure you shake it up before spraying! The shimmers mix into the liquid, leaving you with smooth & dewy skin! 
Ready to have some Sugar Plum Fun with this exclusive, limited-edition set for HSN?! Get this beauty while you can!
In case u missed last nights fit for the 
Inspired hearing about building cities, breaking down stigma, playful thinking, LGBTQ + bible, new policing, and much more 
One of the Brands of the Year! 
Got a big old comedy week coming up 
Everyone needs to know about the genius that is 
It me! Sprinkling biodegradable confetti all over the world's stages 
can anyone recommend any non-chain restaurants in central london that have lots of good veggie options but aren't completely vegetarian? 
New Mermaid video coming out today! 
if any of you are ever feeling depressed or overwhelmed know that ur not alone 
Best of luck to all retailer nominees at 
Leaving the Raffles Le Royal in style.I so loved my stay here at this iconic hotel!
Black Friday Deals!
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope powers the Los Angeles Lakers​ to the home W! 
We can't wait for our 
PRACTICAL THINGS TO DO TO VOTE KLAXON
Black Friday warm up with 20% off everything this weekend!! Use code TFNC20 
Party season is our favourite time of the year! And we have you covered! Shop our party wear now!! 
Big thanks to our amazing Cultural Stars
I celebrate myself because, growth. 
You are, at this moment, the creator of your reality 
I love these people so much & you will too, go see Lady Bird out now in select theaters 
Keep sharing your photos of the Christmas lights with us tagging 
Vote online & help make 
Don’t forget to enter! Just follow and RT 
Don’t forget to use the code CSNGNS on your order! 
The winner of my giveaway is... 
I’m ending this giveaway early - ends tonight! The winner will be announced tomorrow 
New Post: Stocking Fillers ft. Bilou 
It's going to be hard to ever top this moment! A truly magical way to finally meet your sporting icon 
Fancy an evening of sharing delicious food, fun and conversation? Join us on
EXCLUSIVE COMPETITIONWin Christmas for the whole family worth £1500 including a spa break, massage, spa day, pedicure, £100 voucher, afternoon tea, facial, spa evening (yes you’ve read this right
“I think it’s brave to venture into empathy and beauty and humanity in comedy. But it’s not easy.” 
Gotta love the Spice Girls 
Apologia was utterly brilliant last night, so witty and thought provoking with a truly incredible cast. I adored it & would 100% recommend 
So much love for this WONDERful group of people 
Dan Locke chats big ideas & Out of Nothing with 
Little theatre trip to watch 
Thanks for the get well messages tweeps & thanks 
Meanwhile... over at The Buck Inn in Thorpe... after a bit of elbow grease, it’s starting to sparkle 
The Winter Warmer Menu
Get it before it's gone! 
Our Phase 1 tickets are selling fast! Make sure you don’t miss your chance to join us in The Neverland next year for just £84! 
Our Phase 1 tickets are on sale now! Come join us in The Neverland next year! 
Welcome to The Dorchester’s winter wonderland. 
When you're late to the party but you don't care because you look fabulous 
My words for you today!! 
Lovely to be back performing @maximsclub tonight 
All set and ready to perform at the 
Summer 2017 was truly amazing and now we are getting ready for a very busy festive season this year
Head over to our Facebook to see the full video 
All set for another lovely wedding in the sunshine today 
We’re all about express beauty 
Marvin, the world's most powerful wizard 
“Every upside and downside of my life, because that makes me who I am” 
Instantly glam up with our array of body glitter sets! 
Style up your ears with our 20 pack earrings, only $10 tomorrow in store & online tomorrow 
Flower, gleam and glow! Make this Tangled-inspired pumpkin just in time for Halloween! 
Add some sparkle to your night, babe 
The stage is set! The audience are pouring in! Here we go for our final show of the tour 
Entries are still open for the fantastic 
new things for you + the strong women your life 
We loved offering manis at the 
Just saw the last ep!! This season was 
It’s such an honor to be included in this group! 
I’m sooooooo excited!!!
i hope everyone becomes the person that God set them on this earth to be
It's Monday - time to sparkle & shine 
Take us back to the Thunderbird Hotel 
"...know that with constant, deliberate practice, you will create the change you want to achieve" 
“No matter how resilient you are today, you can be more resilient tomorrow.” - 
hey uh if you wanted a deal on 
"Nobody is superior, nobody in inferior, but nobody is equal either. People are simply unique, incomparable. You are you. I am I." 
Sneak peak of my East Coast Vloggggg
Market nights, market lights 
Check out these slick (and shimmery
Looks like a great night of G&Ts with 
Resolutions are hard to keep. Make an easy one this year and love the skin you're in! 
We're looking forward to 2017 - but we're also looking back at how far we've come! Check out our very first shower gel packaging! 
Only a few hours left in 2016! Go make 2017 yours! 
Post Christmas pamper day in full swing 
A person can wake up and leave you tomorrow but what you build for yourself is forever 
What an end to an incredible night! Thank you Plymouth & 
 has launched and trainers are catching 3 billion Pokemon to celebrate 
Animal Crossing's new mobile game is out today and it's going to take over your life 
Here are your TIME SLUTS for TONITE! 12:45 - 2:00 
2 more sleeps. Who’s coming to the SLUXE DESIGNER SAMPLE SALE 
Tickets to The Good Life Experience make for one exciting Christmas present! 
 COMPETITION | How do you fancy winning a Crazy Catch for Christmas? For full details on the "cracking" 
What are you doing this Friday! How’s a pair of Cat 2 tickets to the 
Outshine all other holiday parties this season 
Just a little more detail to share... 
my debut project FALL 17 DEMO is live everywhere 
LA!  So ready for tonight!Doors at 8 cannot wait for this.
SF was magical last night 
So excited for SF tonight at Warfield!!
“Trust yourself but also trust your instincts and your intuition.” - 
A Very Starship Christmas coming to you soon.
So excited to see The Lady From the Sea tonight 
I just wanna make art 
Love Eleven and the gang? Stranger Things Zine is an upcoming potential fanbook, centered around the thrilling Netflix series.
No. 7 Miami routs No. 3 Notre Dame 41-8 as the Hurricanes improve to 9-0 on the season. - via 
 is not just an incredibly talented musician, but a kindhearted person who genuinely cares about other people’s well-being 
Interview with Erik Czaja as a part of our Touring Vegan series is now live.
Taurus x Taurus could never go wrong 
GOOD MORNING it brittney’s birthday in iran 
“She wanted to be around people, to make new friends—to levitate out of a well of grief.” 
so proud of our latest feature - a complete development environment, right out-of-the-box, right there
Paris after sunset is pure magic 
Baby it's a wild world 
Remember, remember the 5th of November! Happy 
 Calling all boss lady journos! 
Current cosy knitwear and make up faves
Have you ever seen anything more magical? 
The John Lewis Christmas ad just didn't cut it this year. 
When you discover that the Autograph range from M&S is the absolute bomb! 
Reading "summer books" all year round make days a lot brighter 
Need help w/ holiday gift giving?!I'll sign, gift-wrap, & mail FOTL to a friend you tag, w/ a note saying it's from you! 
Simply follow us and retweet to enter our Bonfire Night competition to win one of our Vintage Red Brit Stich bags
The latest update of Fit In is out now on the App Store, with support for iPhone X! As a special holiday treat grab it for free this week!  
A beautiful bag of cold-pressed goodies 
Don’t grow up it’s a trap 
Tag a friend and say nothing 
« Ears » to another magical year with you! Happy Birthday Mickey! 
Not usually ones to comment but cannot believe some of the comments we have read about 
And it's gorgeous when dark all twinkly and very festive 
We’ve added a little sparkle to our sea view terrace 
The perfect kit to make you feel magical! The Unicorn Survival Kit is available at 
EPISODE 3 is LIVE!
Part of HVD Team, Loyal HVD Customers & team 
The stud fees of the Al Shaqab stallions standing at Haras de Bouquetot in 2018 are out! 
Tonight's the night Sydney! 
Dress code: all the sequins 
The most beautiful time of day
You ARE NOT alone. 
"What a view! Late afternoon hikes along the Gobbins coastal path... 
"Once in a while it really hits people that they don't have to experience the world in the way they have been told to." Alan keightley 
"In order to send the elevator back down, you need to be on the elevator to begin with" - Some Tuesday Wisdom from 
I'm looking for my next opportunity! 
UPDATE: This weeks devised workshop will be on Tuesday at 6PM in the Media Factory, room ME323 
A poignant and "admiring portrait" from 
"The next few years will bring some exciting developments in our children’s publishing and I feel ready to meet the challenge." - 
Really really starting to get it now.  Good morning 
My friend Urara Tsuchiya has a piece of work in group show LIT at Union Pacific 
 We're excited to be heading back out on the road in November. 
Beautiful live album... 
The prettiest camel coat 
A holiday-ready metallic gold skirt (for under $150) 
Feeling’ every bit the 1/2 French that I am in this plaid blazer / beret combo 
‘The fool doth think he is wise, but the wiseman knows himself to be a fool.’ 
Children’s yoga classes start again this week 
29 Nov | Join us as we host the Founder of 
Just spent a delightful hour and a half with the gorgeous folk 
my new track “enough” w 
Wherever you are, I hope you read the words I’ve written in the stars 
 Brighton Illustration Fair starts TOMORROW !!!!!! 
Wow guests with delectable sugar work, exquisite gingerbread, and towering piles of delicious choux buns this Christmas! 
Today's listening: 
hi cherub if yr up i'm gonna be on 
To celebrate the 1 year anniversary of Everything Is My Family we bring you a brand new music video for All Night 
MORNING! Stoked to announce legends 
Meditation, flowers and a little bit of light. What a night.  
Medium's Partner Program is OPEN TO EVERYONE! Sign up today and get *PAID* for your writing: 
we couldn't be prouder to join a ton of our homies on our brother, 
Big love to everyone who came to dance with me in the jungle at 
new collaborator ~ custom end effector 
Add some sass to any outfit with these tassel earrings from 
"Had the best time ever. Thanks!"- Jane 
It's been an absolute pleasure reflecting with you.
Need to brighten up these dark November nights? Accumulation White IPA offers a big, bitter taste that will help you make it through the winter. See how to pair Accumulation with Thanksgiving foods: 
We turned on the Chelsea Christmas Lights!! Oh and sang a few songs 
Getting ready for another sing song 
Some little lady doodles for this very windy day!
Some Grandma sketches for you on this Monday morning!
WE’RE LIVE RIGHT NOW
HUF // The guys over at 
It’s the Miss World Final!!!... Wishing Anna Henry the best of luck today!! You’ll be 
Trap Nation: Enter The Vortex. Amsterdam Dance Event, 2017. So incredibly proud to announce this lineup.
Weekend nights and weekend lights. 
Sarah reveals how her spiritual counsellor, Anne Yarwood, is her inspiration behind Zephorium in this months 
Free delivery an all orders over £50
 @ Manchester, United Kingdom 
Have you seen the latest Heaven Skincare kits? Find out what I thought of mine! 
The one and only Bee Venom Mask by Heaven, which sting will it BEE? I know I want 
This non-abrasive gentle firming wash helps to improve elasticity levels & balance the oil within the skin which reduces the shine on the T-Zone 
Diary filling up fast? We've got just the collection to help you get your glam on!Shop partywear > 
Spotlight-stealing sequins to give your week long wardrobe a new lease of life 
Turn up the glam in luxe turquoise separates perfect for party season 
Because party season doesn't always have to mean statement dress...Switch it up with a gorgeous glitzy top and trendy bottom option 
From its elegant bead embellishment to its stylish scallop hem, this 20s inspired showstopper will leave a lasting impression at your next event 
Our golf balls are all ready for the 
THANK YOU to those of you who sent helpful advice about my car situation. It steered me in the right direction and I'm thankful. 
can you imagine how fun this was? check out the video of the time i got to play in a 
You can spread the magic of Disney throughout SoCal with the VoluntEARS Program! 
TWDC continues to support students from diverse backgrounds as they pursue their educational goals & dreams. 
"As a professional intern with TWDC, I have had the opportunity to meet a wide array of people from equally diverse backgrounds"- Shivani 
He's here!!
Most people don't like when it starts getting dark out earlier, but we don't mind the time to admire our new logo lighting up the South Entrance. 
Really awesome to see my store in the "100 Best Little Shops" issue of the 
Sneak peak of something comin soon with clayhickson 
'Lights & Delights' 
Things I love about this hackathon: childcare is covered, 43% female attendees, and no overnights 
Indigenous women are leading the next wave 
 When your jewelry storage is as chic as your accessories 
L U M O S 
Final alternative artwork we're digging this week for 
It's time to celebrate! Giving to others feels great 
So much yes, 
* Hears Christmas music on the radio once * 
Oh, we’ll be there, alright. 
Thanks for coming out and supporting! 
Coming soon!! 
The big news I’ve been waiting to share is finally here. 
Guys, it’s getting real festive around here!
final edition to my Dead Pretties docs, their last song as a trio, 'Nothing' 
Here are the latest Luxury trends!!
Behind the scenes of one of my favorite photo shoots with the amazing 
 The Morning ReFresh Show!!! 
 Sign up TODAY!!! Registration ends January 15th - Go to 
 WELP, ITS A THANKFUL THURSDAY & WE’RE KNOCKING THIS WEEK OUT!!! 
Almost show time... Tonight is going to be magical. 
Had a fabulous afternoon yesterday watching the talented cast of 
Let's end each day with a clear conscience. 
 New Year's Eve! Nos Calan! 
To all you hairstylist, for the first time ever, 
All 5 tracks in our recent '& Friends' VA are still sitting tight in the 
Seeing stars!! 
Tune in NOW 9/8c to see @itsmejessicaszohr on 
Sooooo unbelievably proud of all my girls who KILLED the VS runway this year. Ridiculously proud. Such a huge accomplishment Queen’s!! Can’t wait to see the show 
Clear mind, clear eyes, clear soul. 
We are tuckered but we did it! We surpassed our $5000 goal and raised $7305 US for 
Taste of Iceland is on now at Leña! 
Note to self:Take a break before you break. 
Saturday in the city...the possibilities are endless. 
Disney World is Truly Magical 
As a future teacher in the classroom, I feel like it might be helpful to listen to 
Add a little sparkle this Christmas with a SPH gift          voucher 
We had some great people that came into our shop at 
Treatment of The Month! 
All About The Girls 
This Friday at 9am we'll be announcing our NEW YEARS EVE PARTY & releasing the first waves of tickets. Get ready to slide right into 2018, DSD style. 
We’ve arrived!
5 BOOKS I’VE LOVED THIS YEAR 
Through My Phone (A Major Catch Up) 
Instagram may not be easy, but it's definitely worth it! Find me @ madelaineblogs & follow along on my journey 
Stila Backstage Beauty Icons set contains: 
Get glamour-eyes this holiday season with six show-stopping shades of glow!
We're already thinking of all those upcoming Christmas parties! Glitz, glam and all things festively fabulous! 
Going gold in Gold Coast 
I find this so hard but we need to remember to - treat ourselves how we would treat a friend 
This means so much to me... I know the power of manifesting first hand, I’ve done it my whole life! 
THEY DID IT! This Kiwi dream has become a reality! 
Are you ready to step foot into a prehistoric world, created with the help of 
Anyone who's ever tried to vacuum glitter
Here are some close-up previews for DEVIL-ISH, gonna have some fun with colours 
We're joining Pudsey and co tonight for 
One. Day. More. Songs From The Stage is out tomorrow! 
 Time to be gorgeous, nonstop! 
Such a fun shoot with the absolutely lovely Ms. G!
It is one of our favourite days of the year today as we are beginning to get our Christmas 
 artist Henry Stead has been toiling away... 
Need a party dress in a pinch? Introducing 2-DAY SHIPPING on all Parker Black, always.
Leave a little sparkle wherever you go... 
Shop up to 70% off when you take an extra 25% off sale using code: LUCKYSTARS 
Ending this tour on a high note tonight! Thank you OKC! 
Morning world. On with the day ahead 
I love seeing people's dreams come true 
 makin' his character... I mean, we're READY! 
It's prom day in St. Louis! We can't wait for more red carpet moments like this one 
It's officially holiday party season! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas...
Who has been having fun getting creative today? 
Can't resist a sunset pic when you're working Upstairs at 
Good Sunday Morning! Let the beat take you away 
 my uncle surprised me and my cousin tickets for Glasgow. 
'Tisn't quite the season but you know I'm loving that 
"And though she be but little, she is fierce." - A Midsummer Night's Dream 
Glitter is our favorite color this holiday season 
Early bed, copying a knackered team HRPY with Ultra Moon and a soft place to rest. 
Andrea Vancura and I wrote and produced the music for this kickstarter video! 
echo people baseck 1st ever live collab Tokyo last night was mad fun! subwoofers banging 
modular breakbeat bizness! getting ready for 
We’ve been waiting a minute to drop this one - out this Friday 
On Wednesday, a dozen campuses took action to demand that administrators 
Throwing Pink honey in NY & DC this week 
Autobhan - Bezel/Euphoria EP OUT NOW on 
Our favourite UK Drill tunes ft 
*THIS FRIDAY**RILLA 3RD BIRTHDAY*The yellow party returns this Friday with an energy not to be missed. Hosted by 
My friend's dad always confuses me with Sigourney Weaver and I'm perfectly okay with that tbh
Music startups & service companies! Want to access & support the indie music sector? Become a Friend of AIM today! 
Please join us next Tuesday, 11/28, as we celebrate 
Faith, trust and a little pixie dust 
THE MIXED OPINIONS PODCAST
Treat your home to some seasonal sparkle 
Our 35 color pressed glitter palette " Glitz & Glam " Available for purchase 10/30/17 for $30 
PAST POST | Makeup Obsession Glitter Brush Set 
 You juts know I HAD to review the 
NEW BLOG POST! Reviewing the 
Good things come in two's. 
Our new matte Lip Creams are available in 6 sultry shades and give you a gorgeous velvet finish 
Don't give a damn with our NEW Slogan makeup Bags! 
Chelsea is slaaaying in the Tan out of Ten Self Tan Lotion in Dark! 
Get ready for the week with Tan out of Ten Self-Tan Lotions 
Win the gorgeous Kate's 
Today's makeup look is created using 
Had a great day doing makeup for all the beautiful girls of Roscrea 
shining shining shining shining yeeaaahhhhh 
TIP OF THE DAY; Do not revolve your life around one person, one feeling, one place, one memory, or one problem. The complexity of life and the diversity of the world is beautiful and you have the right to explore it. Do not settle for less when you really deserve so much more
Tag a friend that would like this look 
... some exciting news though! Finally have the OK from the council so we're hosting our first 
Those who were there will never forget when it got LOUD. 
 That short work-week feeling 
Style is a reflection of your attitude and personality 
Ella Gunson with a splendid goal 
Light up your living room this festive season with one of our eye-catching pre-lit prints. 
Make Christmas sparkle with our selection of glittery card designs. 
DON'T MISS OUT! 
SCROLL STOPPER: You don’t want to miss this 
Sleep, wake & GLOW. 
Cucumber mint lemonade is a lifeline on a hot day like today 
A huge thank you to everyone who joined us this evening for the 
Wish you were in the villa to share in the glittery love 
Alex really embracing the glitter party with that big triangle of sparkle on his forehead 
We are LIVING for the glitter party! 
@MiaKenn is Xmas party GOALS
Fresh mercury post cards for the 
Congrats to the Nigerian Women’s Bobsled Team on becoming the first African Bobsled team to qualify for the Winter Olympics! 
Hey New York! Did you miss 
We’re ready for the holidays here at Tiramisu 
THIS. IS. A. WORD. Via 
Some people are just born with glitter in their veins. 
Food & Drink Winter Market
Calling all craft loving kids! We'll be hosting our popular and fun 'Crafternoon's' for children once again. Tickets just £5 - book now! 
Glad to announce the official publication regarding Blinding Pleasures, the group show I recently curated at the 
THIS SATURDAY. Celebrating 
"Either you Pluggin or you Runnin"- 
 It's here!! 
 If you're not ready for the weekend, our Spiced Braeburn Apple Gin is here to help: 
The prettiest of hair bows have just landed online. Muted pastel tones of blush washed linen and a flash of our favourite Liberty print. The perfect stocking filler and with free delivery on all orders under £40 it’s a win win situation 
The sweetest little mice. This is a dream tooth fairy with a little gold backpack (who knew mice could be so on trend) to store those lost teeth 
If you have ever seen or held one of 
There are certain colour combinations that I can’t imagine ever not liking. This is one of them 
It’s Friday and we’ve got failed flirts, Women’s Bulges and pop culture recommendations w 
Treat yourself: Best in beauty! 
Recovering at home from a long EU tour. Been wonderful playing new songs day in and day out. North American tour kicks off next week. 
Experience more JOY every day! 
Join the Because of Bethlehem Online Bible Study with 
THIS SATURDAY! It's almost time for 
It's the first day of $25 festive finds! 
Our most shiny, sparkly collection this season... introducing the Time to Shine collection! 
Introducing our first holiday lingerie collection! 
With Thanksgiving just a week away, we say thanks to a few of the trailblazing bloggers who've championed ELOQUII from the start. 
"Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself." – Coco Chanel 
Come to the TC talent show tonight at 6:30!! Heard it’s gonna be a good one 
Melissa Wong and Sandy Hong of 
And just like that, your Sunday Super is decided 
Dry Goods for Fresh People
Each run is art in motion
Glitter, princesses and superheros 
I’ve been to Harrod’s three times in 2 days. Cannot stay away from the shoes or the bakery... 
These leaves look neon IRL 
Magical moments near the Grosse Scheidegg - new season, new charm 
Tis the season for Holiday Deals! 
You are the reason that I see in blinding light. 
 I feel humbled to say we sold out the 
Working out restores my mood. 
Last week at Ushuaïa Ibiza… 
Debuting some new styles & bringing our old school favorites for 
Proper enjoying making music lately - buzzing 
[ the world is your canvas ] don't let your creativity go to waste - show 'em what you're made of 
It's time for lift off as 
Under Electric Skies 225,000K views on youtube today 
The Giving Manger is a way to remind you and your children that Christmas is really all about giving not getting.… 
So tired of the grim, desaturated & bleak. It’s lazy. Imaging the future of beautiful is harder. & we need to at least attempt doing that 
Thanks to everyone who came yesterday, see you next week!
Our 'EP of the Week' comes all the way from Phoenix, AZ. Listen to Philistines by 
We're absolutely obsessed with 
"If Only" - available everywhere now 
"When working traditionally, I focus on the abstract as I find painting eccentric shapes helps me to disconnect from technology, meditate & learn patience
Let your imagination go wild kids 
Can u spare a couple of clicks for our friends at 
ANNNNNNNNND HERE IS ANOTHER THE LINK TO OUR 
Late night chilling in Body&Soul. 
MY THIRD TRIMESTER // 
Putting on a last minute show tonight! Entry by donation. 8.30pm start! 
We're spotlighting a star associate: 
Celebrate your victories (of all sizes), and don't let anyone dim your shine. 
Research is formalized curiosity. It is poking and prying with a purpose. It is a seeking that he who wishes may know the cosmic secrets of the world and they that dwell therein.-Zora Neale Hurston  
Tomorrow TRANS-Ville // Act ONE 7-9PM 
This is pretty much amazing 
Summer Sunset Flickering Reflection
Spectacular weather for the Head of the Charles!
The USS Constitution or Old Ironsides is underway for the first time in 3 years. This sail… 
 @ Boston Harbor Hotel 
One more from last nights amazing moonrise
What a treat last night!
Roost with us tonight and taste the festive flavors of the season. 
Stockholm is getting dressed up for the Christmas season! 
SURPRISE!! Our dainty nameplate necklaces are HERE 
Only 30 odd tickets left for my gig 
Two weeks, two days to go
"...and like a colorful bloom of lights in the sky, you will shine" 
Tonight's Magic with the team
This made all the sad and bad go away.... 
U N F O R G E T A B L E 
All the women around me are doing their shit fr / dreams come tru when u believe & support 
Our voyager princess and Belle will be at pirates day  (weather permitting) meeting and greeting. They should arrive by 1pm! 
Leaving the office I bumped into 
The mercury has dropped but you can still have your twinkle toes on show 
After Show with @alessandraambrosio & 
 'Would you rather?' with 
Stay wild moon child 
Much love for coming thru fam
We are delighted to announce Mairead Traynor of MillineryByMairead as our celebrity judge for our Winter Ladies Day on Nov 26th! It promises to be a day full of fun, fashion and glamour with amazing prizes worth over €1500... 
Kyle Gray is Live having a loving conversation about Guardian Angels 
Create dope memories with your homies at HS91: 90s Karaoke next Saturday at Scala 
Sugar, spice, and everything nice 
Sparkling wine is always a good choice, even on 
W E D N E S D A Y  W I S H E SMore 
Wedding G O A L S at 
Carnegie Hall, you are T I M E L E S S. 
Last nights influencer dinner at groundsforsculpture was one for the books! 
T A B L E S C A P E 
guys look how cute my little studio is looking. What can we call it? 
 PICTURE OF THE WEEK
SUSTAINABLE BRAND OF THE DAY: 
In a grand mood because I’m catching up on my fave Latinx Podcasts like 
James Abbott McNeill Whistler, 'Nocturne: Blue and Gold - Old Battersea Bridge' (a detali) 1872 
Build something that matters in 2018. 
We have big plans for 2018 so we're looking for a Business Development Consultant to help us grow 
May your pathway ever GLOW!!!! 
About last night! 
A very lovely gig show with 
Lil video from the other night. Thank you 
Thx for sharing your favourite moments from 
My fresh new collaboration with Vertical Mode ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
Another soundcode! Who's your teleportation buddy?
No words can describe that feeling 
Couple hours ago at EDC Las Vegas 
MAGAZINE style for under $400k? BUT there's a catch...   
hosting a musical improv sho tonite !!!! come thru hunni
"To be a part of this kind of work is very rewarding." 
Only silver lining when your favorite rock stars die is that their music doesn't 
building a new playlist today 
Adding a little sparkle to our Saturday with our new Swarovski Collection 
I was honoured to join Nadine to chat and to play some song memories from my life 
It's a glaudicollection time of the season 
GLAUDI MODEL CASTING !!!!!!! 
Learned that the most important things in life is to invest your time in friendships 
We can't wait to host tonight’s speed-mentoring event for 
Turn on all of the drama with this sparkling special 
Show-stopping gems make for the perfect evening clutch
Heartless Crew, Donaeo, Slay, Anz, Fox, Joey B, Samrai & PlattFor free 
Happy to announce that we Will Be Performing at DDS's first label showcase in History, In London 
thanks to our partners @sandersonsocial
missed this week's WHAT WE'RE EXCITED ABOUT with 
VERY excited to announce that we've been selected for 
"In the right light, at the right time, everything is extraordinary." Aaron Rose 
Girl. Power. 
Christmas Lights Meeting at the Lifeboat House this morning!
It's beginning to look a lot like... 
Flower Power ~ Such a lucky girl X
Anything is possible with the magic of friendship!
This cast is hoof-tastic!
An adventure isn’t complete without friends by your side! 
"The world is silent, still, frozen except for the beating of my heart." Welcome to Everless. You won't want to miss this. 
Two days left to meet with the artist 
Now you can spend New Year's Eve under the stars at Aviary 
UC San Diego was founded today, 57 years ago, on Nov. 18, 1960. Today, we continue the 
Congratulations Michael!! May God bless you on your new journey!! 
"No Light, No Light", 18/11/2011 
Check it out! Our 2017 recruitment video is released
Nothing like a little dancing to start off mom's weekend! 
me: fuck all power, be it social, structural, institutional, etc. “absolute power corrupts absolutely”also me: *after acquiring a tiny bit of social capital* oh wow i’m so important look
RT TO WIN: JACLYN X MORPHE PALETTE + MORPHE'S ROSE GOLD BRUSH SET
RT TO WIN: IPHONE X 256 GB IN SPACE GRAY (must be following me to win) good luck
The new Too Faced limited edition 'Diamond Light' highlighter 
RT TO WIN: LUXURY VANITY MIRROR
It was so fun! Thank you for having us 
Our Holiday collection is here & perfect for cozy nights by the fire, holiday parties, & everything in between 
Dry ingredients, snacks, dinner and breakfast options: Sorted, stacked and stored 
 badder than Sho'nuff and got the glow like Bruce Leroy 
"This is a book that will find its ways into dreams for decades upon decades upon decades to come. Could a book ask for anything more?" 
Excited to launch a little side project that came out of a company hack day: Serendipity, a browser extension from 
This 3-in-1 dry shampoo, style extender, and volumizer is the 
 looks fabulous on any skin tone! This refined, pearl violet magenta will quickly become one of your go-to Holiday shades 
Happy birthday to the sweetest girl I know!! Hope you have the most amazing day Kayla
The Truth about Entrepreneurship... 
Today marks 20 years since the Brandy/Whitney Houston version of Cinderella came out 
K N O T S 
Oh hello week. Let’s do this 
GORGEOUS LADIES OF BURLESQUE 
Catalogue of Lamps: Check out some of our fav lighting in the store. Guaranteed to brighten your day 
Made a lil sourdough for Sunday 
1 more week to come and watch this beautiful show. It really is something special, come and witness it before it’s gone!
The most beautiful piece of theatre at 
Gig Listing: Check out our list of the best gigs coming up this week across Scotland! 
Morning light creating a little bit of magic in 
The secret to our frozen yogurt? Happy cows. Thanks Hawthorne Valley Farm 
What a wonderful evening we have had at the launch of Christmas at Liverpool City Halls, with help from our Lord Mayor, Sir Ken Dodd and Buddy the Elf...Doesn't 
See you there!!!!!! 
Congratulations Diana!!!!!!!! 
 DON'T FORGET ... 
Fiyah new release from the m8y’s at OP. What a catalogue of titles already 
NEW SHOW!4/2 | Ought w/ Flasher & Future Nuns at Ace of CupsTickets on sale Friday 
A space Swan suddenly appeared 
get intergalactic w this stellar 
Woohooo Guess whose working on their smile
Did you ever imagine you'd see a collab performance with 
I got the pleasure of meeting 
We've got Kyle, we've got Jackie O and we've got them on a brand new set! See them battle it out with their families, this Monday at 7:30pm on TEN! 
Candles lit, settings placed, mood set: there's nothing like a gorgeous tablescape to show your guests that they are truly invited. 
 Hi Matthew, thank you! It's always good to see you on my TL, you made my day! Congrats on all of the 
Thursday=Jazz!! Louis Romano Trio at 8 tonight, don’t miss out on the best 
A beautiful New Year's Eve mess w/ 
The night is still young for our 
Chapter 3 OUT NOW! 
My debut EP "Bloom" is coming soon 
Take a peak into the world of Headspace with a virtual tour of our 
We can't wait! It will be a fantastic event ... but we have 1 question. Will the pooches be there, too?! 
Sparks fly with our Vodka Selection 
Let your lobes steal the show - dazzling, dangling fine earrings for the party season: 
Syon Park is lighting up tonight, and you're invited: 
Yes, that is a Swarovski bathtub: 
There’s not better place to spend a rainy Monday afternoon than Dalloway Terrace! Such a beautiful festive photo by 
A closer look inside our riverside igloos. 
On your marks, get set, GO! Reservations are open. Book yourself an igloo at our Sonning Coppa Club. 
When the walls of your ballroom look like this... You know your event is going to be magical 
THIS WEEKEND!! 
It's a great honor to have Revise the Psalm reviewed by Claudia Rankine 
OKAY!!!! IT'S LIVE! 
Today we're awed by the 2nd volume of "Goodnight Stories for Rebel Girls" The book is filled with inspiring stories of heroic women in history and the extraordinary lives they lived, filled with beautiful illustrated portraits of each person 
Party on The Mezzanine!
NEW VIDEO IS LIVE!!
Worried about find time this holiday season to see the 
Time to get in the holiday spirit. 
Relive the best of the '90s with Alicia Silverstone and Paul Rudd in 
It’s a shopping HAULiday! 
Gorgeous gals on the today show 
Glowy skin on deck with our oil-free, 
EEEEK! You can now take your beauty countdown ALL THE WAY to New Year's Day! How exciting is this? 
How exciting !!! 
Who doesn’t love a glitter lip? 
Never let success get to your head, never let failure get to your heart 
Glow B A B Y 
I'm just tryna glow and succeed like my girl 
Shop Sweet Cheeks Blush Palette and Strobe of Genius Illuminating Palette now! Available at 
Wow, what a night!?! 
Did y’all see my review of the kyliecosmetics x 
Get ready for your Christmas parties with these dazzling face gems 
Sneak peak of what every attendee gets in their swag bags 
Click the link in our bio to purchase tickets to the biggest show in beauty 
SECOND RELEASE NOW AVAILABLE 
Absolutely LOVED this dance!!!! 
Make sure to pop by Galway city this evening as the 
I would love to see the Northern Lights but I would do that with my birthday money [better start saving like hah] but as long as I am with the people I love and we have a laugh then that's all that matters to me, presents etc aren't important to me, they're just bonuses
Q4. What's the nicest thing you've done for someone else on their birthday? 
 You've always been an outstanding writer. You even pushed one of the most amazing artists we know to tears. Happy for you!!!!!! 
WEDDING DECOR & FLATLAY PHOTOGRAPHY - A typical weekend 
Shop like a beauty editor this 
Make a statement this Christmas with our indulgent christmas gift guide: 
We're pleased to welcome innovative & 
Would you be brave enough to try 
 Introducing the NEW Pro-Collagen Marine Oil from 
Never give up on your dreams people 
I still like Kyber Fox better. ALL ORDERS SHIP THIS WEEK!! 
 prints are now available through Gallery1988 as part of their 11th Annual 
Finally getting around to some decorating 
And the newness keeps coming... Introducing the brand new Colour Riche Shine lipsticks with high-shine and vivid color 
Party season sparkles make me feel good! 
Monday is the day to make a change 
Read about how our EcoGlitter is made and the scientist behind it! We are so excited to hit mainstream media and spreading our sparkly message to save the fishes! Have you made the change yet? 
The glitter elves are busy making a glittery mess and creating special xmas blends! 
Can't wait too see the sparkly festive faces! 
Definitely going to be following there journey! We provide guilt-free sparkles that will not harm our planet and beautiful sea life! Make the change to 
Our NEW uber chunky Aurelie glitter - Perfect for crafts, cards, faces and stocking fillers!
We provide guilt-free sparkles! 
YAAAAS. The girls of 
5 shows left in Southampton, in this beautiful 
We do indeed. What a great night! 
Q. What are you usually doing 10 mins before the show begins?A. Either doing a vocal warm up with the cast, or sipping a dry white in the bar… Vocal coach to the 
C h a p t e r  2 4
T u n n e l  V i s i o n  
Pleased to announce that I received funding from 
my gallll needs someone to come to my Jan show with 
You guys were so beautiful. Thank you so much 
Amazing photos from last night's 
Do you ever wonder how we maintain our glow whilst on the road? Check out our tour beauty-hack essentials
Are you ready for the new &improved 
We have dates available at Wharfe View Cottage for a stunning 
We have a range of tremendous treatments to make you sparkle on the inside and out! 
The Beautiful nicolescherzy Performed  X The Weinstein Pre Oscars Nicole's Hair by robsalty… 
 We f'ing love LA. This collection of our fave spots sums up why.Join us in celebrating 
Femme Fatale look by Agne 
Finally finished waxing the potato 
 Thanks to everyone who made today's 
Got to design this year's Octoverse report for 
We're proud to fund activities like this! Big kudos to 
 A touch of sparkle never hurt anybody! 
THANK YOU SO MUCH 4 the marvellous Music night, 
You have the choice to be kind. Remember that 
 Dressed to the nines, feelin' fine! Check out these cool kids TONIGHT at 6pm at 
This Friday we're going full 
Shooting hoops — a good distraction tactic while we wait around for black friday 
BTW I'm playing 
An the invite list continues with the fam 
Vibin out with (((O))) video coming today 
Photo by powermystery ~ from PW Vol 4 
Had such a blast being in Toronto for the first time to perform my beats. Special thank you to 
Friends, we're happy to launch our new limited custom dye tee + hoodie. 
Hi friends... we just added some tour merch to our online store! First 20 orders will get a personalized thank you note from us.Last time we re-stocked the windbreakers, they sold out super quick so don't wait! 
We're having quite a bit of fun on tour with 
Ending the day trying to be more positive.Despite the struggles two huge opportunities coming up the end of this week, I WILL use my voice to evoke change. 
Today we're celebrating our new Effies, the powerhouse talents Moya Angela, Marisha Wallace & Karen Mav! 
Meet your Effies: our three powerhouse talents now sharing the role of Effie White in 
All you’ve got to do is dream 
Showtime! A backstage glimpse at 
When your bestie calls and asks if you want to go to 
The Castleyard Cafe will be open too! Mulled wine, pies and all sorts of treats will be on offer throughout the weekend 
Who said ankle boots were just for daytime? Make an impact with 
 Leeds, we've arrived! 
Because online, a deal is just a click away 
OCT 25, 2016!!!!!! dreams work if u do 
Every shot is special! 
Currently sat in a pop-up planetarium which might be my favourite way to Friday night 
Hope everyone is glowing this Saturday night 
CatwalkHQ is made using only the finest ingredients 
 Our double sided luxury tanning mitt with a thumb is your best friend when doing your tan 
We're definitely feeling better after our 
You can now book your DC Sunderland classes on our website! DC Sunderland is officially LIVE 
Post coming soon on these little wonders, you can’t beat a 
We bet that you look good on the dancefloor. Dress up to get down in party ready pieces from River Island 
I may only be 11, but that hasn’t stopped me from drippen melanin and magic 
PLT french bae's
A little snippet from my LIVE store visit 
So many people worry about their looks. Outer beauty isn't everything but believe me inner beauty is.Focus on confidence,love & kindness
"Where else can you find a beautifully illustrated story that ranges from the Big Bang to the future of humankind in space..."Thanks 
7 DAYS UNTILL MY 
Go check it out if you haven't already 
ITS HERE! My reload Sessions video has finally dropped go check it out
1 DAY TO GO UNTIL MY 
my cover of 'Stand By Me' is now live go check it out 
It's amazing what a power nap can do, ready to film my cover video for tomorrow now 
new cover is up at 7pm tonight! Very excited for you all to see it
JUPITER HAS MOVED INTO SCORPIO!! What does that mean for you?! 
Don’t ever feel guilty for celebrating things that you made happen for yourself! You deserved all if it and I’m sure all the people who support you, including me, is really excited to see you thriving like you are rn 
good morning beautiful, you’re so close to thanksgiving keep pushing and staying motivated 
Friday I have two guests on the show! 
 give us a headline show 
los angeles! tickets go on sale soon for "an evening with don hertzfeldt" featuring WORLD OF TOMORROW EPISODE TWO + other things at 
Your Strong. Your Beautiful. Your Powerful.
One of my favourite EPs this year from 
Black in Tokyo will be screened at a film festival in Tokyo next month! More details pending! 
“God bless every ear that’s hearing this, I’m coming back to explain why I’m really here in this.. “ 4/12/17 
PERFORMING AT THE EMAS 2NIGHT!!!! 
Wish Gala 2017 will brighten up the night TOMORROW! 
Wishing all our fans a very happy and prosperous Diwali 
Get your tickets today! 
We took a camera along on our Europe tour to capture some high jinks. Here's a teaser! Looking forward to The Woman Who Counted The Stars Australia tour 
Get The Cheshire Look with 
The future is brighter than it’s ever been.
we will also be selling our brand new shirts & doing free glitter makeup at our merch table 
 attention: final show of 2017 is 11.02 (thurs) at Neck of the Woods sf. the ORB beckons thee! 
Excited to finish work for the weekend? Maybe you need a new job? Come craft some keyframes with us! 
BLACK FRIDAY has come early!!! 
Spend and Save NOW ON for a limited time
 BRAND NEW BEAUTY VIDEO! 
Glitter bath bomb for the first time. Enlightened. 
LORDEEEEE!!! 
Looking for some more work and projects to be involved in! Any leads would be amazing! Take a look at my website 
“It is the naturalness of her style, both in singing and acting, that make [Kelli O’Hara] irreplaceable in material like this.” – The New York Times 
Bringing the Saturday sparkle to your weekend ! 
"Sometimes real superheroes live in the hearts of small children fighting big battles."This is 3 year old Cody, who wished to meet the "real Batman" at Movie World. What a special moment between two superheroes 
We know how hard our superhero volunteers work. Don't forget to take advantage of that extra hour's sleep tomorrow. 
Paisley Poetry-Our Primary age category shortlist is-Heather, age 10 (Fun at the Fountain)Alex-Sandra, age 6 (No)Jack Bareford, age 9 (Wake up in the Morning) Winners & runners up will be announced 23rd Nov between 12 & 1pm. Well done to everyone! 
Please vote Paisley to win and retweet
Friendly reminder that every single person you see today is battling through something, so spread love like wildfire, and be kind.
You are all in for a real treat! This  
I rep my work hard because I believe in the work that we do. 
He's never been shy but glistening in the mid-afternoon sunlight and under the floodlights 
Practicing self care tonight with Serena Williams’s wedding photos + a pint of strawberry cheesecake ice cream. 
C19 Pitch Day: presentations are moving! Excited for 
My mom says my lips make me look like an ice queen... And I'm okay with that 
We've sent out the invites! Hope to see you at our SS18 press show on the 23rd November 
We have won Best Large Hotel at the Swansea Bay Tourism Awards 2017! 
post show/pre after party : the annual 
ayo, new song w/ 
I found some more autumn colours for you! 
What is your Studio's mission? Ours is to create delightful games that unravel in surprising ways. 
It's that time of year again! Join us Nov. 24-Dec. 24 for our complimentary horse drawn carriage rides under the stars
Wind blown Bonjou hat
 won the jury's special prize at 
Ping Awards 2017: 
Of course, these particular buttons belong to a giant 303 Drum Machine, which will absolutely be at GamesAreForEveryone. Also 
Extra content on Saturday! 
Lovely dev/creator pals! We’re still looking for submissions for GamesAreForEveryone, if that’s your thing 
An absolute honour celebrating  20 years of 
put Tokyo last, because i’m not sure i would ever come back! lost in translation has been my forever dreaaaaam 
 Maths winners for the month of October. All of our children now go straight into the Hall of Fame! 
sooo happy with these , s/o 
I cannot wait to perform with and honour you guys 
This one’s for the dreamers 
 I've finally collected all my iOS graphics onto one page. Perhaps you can learn a trick or two about your iPad or iPhone... 
Thanks for letting me share, 
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations 
Glam Squad 2.0! 
Have a lashtastic glamourriffic Saturday night! 
 CHRISTMAS PORTRAITS with a Perfect Touch! 
We're looking for an out of this world Junior Digital Designer to join the Citadel team. 
We found some of the glitteriest people at 
We're saddened to hear the end of 
Enter our survey and win tickets to 
Discover the inspiration behind our Citadel world via 
Blessed to see 15 years 
BLACK TIDE has landed! With up to 50% OFF now online 
New Year, New Magic 
Sparkly Potato vibes forever! 
I love coming across little sparks of inspiration. Found this at a coffee shop today, thought I'd share! 
Started the cutest minecraft series with the cutest friends, I'm SO Excited! 
It would be really cool if you can come out and cheer me on for 
Add some magic to your game! The new 
A little sprinkle of cinnamon magic 
Good times with good people 
Creatures of the Night, join us Under The Electric Sky in 2018! 
Let the fun begin! 
The lights will guide you to your next stay. 
Spotlight-stealing sparkles this festive season from Knight and Day Jewellery 
Christmas will come alive all around Dublin this Sunday!
Looks amazing! Ready for Christmas! 
We're looking for new shows to join the fam in 2018! 
As we were leaving the theatre tonight, my mum said that 
Coming home to good vibes and a beautifully scented home, courtesy of 
Slow Saturday mornings, plotting new year adventures, with candlelight and raw chocolate treats.. mm, bliss! 
100 great books on this list, including THAT IS MY DREAM!, LITTLE FOX IN THE FOREST, and LET'S CLAP, JUMP, SING & SHOUT 
It’s my birthday and I’ll eat sparkley pink cake if I want to. 
We have the last few spots left on my 
JANUARY 18....big things!! 
Batman protecting the streets of Palm Springs 
It's the final weekend for 
5 CHANGES I’M MAKING FOR MY CONFIDENCE - 
NEW: I went to see 
5 BOOKS I’VE LOVED THIS YEAR  - 
making anorexia my BITCH every day
Here's the schedule for today:15-16 PEARL NECKLACE 
Do I Have To Stick To One Scent? | Experimenting With Fragrance 
Taking Christmas Jumpers from Day to Night with 
10 Ways to Get Inspired + Ignite Your Creativity 
Fresh lion tracks this morning! 
Let's do an Insta follow train!
Fancy spending NYE rocking out to The Chainsmokers in Las Vegas? Enter now for the last chance to win tickets here: 
Superstar artist producer duo 
Cute and casual or dramatic and daring? Find your perfect holiday dress: 
What a successful weekend with the chiva youth committee 
Thank you to all our teams working hard this weekend, keeping our NHS going 24 hours a day 7 days a week. You are all super stars 
Lost handbag! Has anyone found a black oroton patent leather purse? Last used in Malobo. Please message the page if you've found it!!! 
i’m feeling the christmas spirit 
Salt Lake City was lit and slow took a pic of me 
*NEW REMIX* Acea - Bleed (Slow Magic Remix)So honored to remix Acea’s new single Bleed. All of his music is amazing and he also produced some of my favorite 
 WE CANNOT WAIT!!! 
Space-age jazzy babe and winner of the 2016 triple j Unearthed Listen Out comp, Wallace will be supporting...
Enter the menagerie of performing artists that is the Encore! Sydney Pole Show! 
Another "hum" turned incredible album track via 
Sun of a beach - what a pearler of a Saturday. 
They have magical powers. 
So awesome to have the author Chris Grabenstein visit our middle school today! He inspired us all to open our eyes and use our imaginations! 
5 years ago, we set out to make a game about acceptance - In 15 hours , we share 
Don't miss author 
I feel like giving away some books, guys! RT/like this tweet & follow me for a chance to win one of 2 personalized hardbacks of THE PECULIAR INCIDENT ON SHADY STREET! *US only* 
if someone appears unavailable- they are. just trust that. no need to question it. no need to verify it. you deserve the love you put out there. if you sense it's not reciprocated, let it go. it'll come back if they're ready, one day. 
The Striped Linen and Blush Linen combination is a good one. 
Meet our first ever Graphic Throw, made in partnership with Los Angeles's coolest ceramics brand Kat & Roger. Shop the exclusive new collection today
20 years ago I started contributing to the Perl core. Open source has given me a lot of meaning and value. Proud to give back to the community at 
Weekend wonder about to happen. 
The store is officially live! 
Haha! Shawn, thank you. 
Wonderful morning talking all things 
Make an appointment with Kellye Fry! She's amazing 
Hello beautiful, ready for Black Friday? 
Help us choose the Balayage Ombre 
Rich & beautiful brunette from larisadoll 
We're incredibly excited about our Discworld Imaginarium evening with illustrator 
Hi everyone!~ Sorry for not tweeting lately ... had our baby a few days ago 
Already looking forward to this Sunday's antiques fair at the Horticultural Halls 
Last night I was lucky enough to sing with the hugely talented Sophie Ellis-Bextor! 
Holiday season is here! Introducing the marlies|dekkers holiday giftshop 
JUST RELEASED MY SECOND TRACK 'GIVE IT ALL TO YOU' AVAILABLE ONLINE EVERYWHERE.
Not long to go now until you can all dive into panto festivities! See you next month! 
We can't wait to see your set! 
On my way home from an amazing time touring with 
A special show last night opening for 
'Better' - an original song by 
Earlybird tickets sold out! 
It’s the party everyone on Queen West is talking about. Roll through Social Saturdays and see what’s up. 
Pleased to announce I'll be supporting 
talk that shittttttt! she aint lying 
Dream Shore - Clear Eyes (2015).From my Debut Ep “Thoughts Of Choice”
New Music Video Next Friday!  
Annie Hart with Jason McCue: This Friday 10/20, 7PM doors. 
content I love to see 
A reminder that miracles do happen....All you have to do is believe. 2018 will be 
Starring Prawn stars for this menu! 
What a magical morning! 
We can't wait for you all to see this 
Saturn, you're so beautiful! As 
 Something pretty special about waking up to this 
This issue of Eighty Nine Magazine 
Remember, Remember 6th November! 
Just announced! Pop singer-songwriter from New Zealand, 
Just announced! Electronic music group from France, 
here we are playing songs in a studio apartment! 
"Expect to discover so much new music you never knew was out there, from all over the world; expect to enter a completely unique environment, surrounded by the most interesting characters you can imagine..."
Excited to announce the first Nodens Ictus Release for 17 years!'THE COZMIC KEY'
*This is not Charlotte posting* Our Irish queen 
A big welcome to DEYA Steady Rolling Man! A light, citrusy, hazy golden American Pale Ale, get it before it’s gone 
Hello beauties! We are supporting The Sunshine Underground Oct 20th 
can't wait to see u tonight, Manila!! 
We're mad excited about 
This sick gig is creeping up! Don't miss Trophy Eyes with Free Throw, Grayscale, & Head North at Woodlands Tavern 
Even with the brightest color. I could never change your mind. We could never find each other. Caught between the black and white. // Elevated ; 
The blank artwork for our new release dropping 10-11-2017. 
This Wednesday.. the good homie 
Wanted to give you all a little taste of what’s been inspiring me lately on my 'Drunk on You' 
Wooo! We are performing on the telecast for the 18th annual Latin Grammys! Tune in on NOV 16th… 
Very honored to be part of such an cool event tomorrow night!! I will be performing at the 
Hey LA, here’s a lil sneak peek of some jams for this Friday’s 
doin a residency at the echo in october with 
There is NO such thing as too much sparkle 
Set times for H.E.R. at 
A big dance floor in Blackpool calls for some big, bold routines. Step forward 
It's conflict and it's compromise...and it's just...it's new every time. It's brand new every night... it's very, very exciting 
London's no.1 New Years Eve Ball Bond Ball: The Ultimate New Year's Eve 2017/18 dazzling party experience 
HIPPOPOTAMUS is #7 in the UK 
And that's a WRAP! 10 pieces sold in 30 mins. Full credit to @threequeensinteriors for her woven wizardry 
Our new Jewellery collection is LIVE! 
The genius that is @threequeensinteriors furiously weaving her magic for our next wallhanging collaboration. 
 next Saturday! Come and have a browse 11am - 5pm, it’s that time of year again! 
We're looking for people to follow on Instagram. Say hello, share your account with us! 
1. Anti-Sexism Society (
What do the stars have in store for *you* this week? 
Current mood: Friday. 
this is incredible, my favorite track of 2017 so far 
Starlight Remixes - Out Now 
new music !! 
hi i'm in the studio remixing the amazing 
a little afternoon jam in the studio 
my favorite place to spend a Sunday 
"Daydream" is at #4 on 
 put on a hell of a show last night. 
Something beautiful is blooming Under the Electric Sky. 
New! Reintroducing ‘Bon Bon’ 
Here are your finalists! The special two-night seasonfinale of 
A huge thank you to the amazingly talented 
A magical day of family friendly entertainment on Regent Street 
300,000 twinkling LED lights, making for the largest Christmas lights installation in the capital 
Celebrating the beginning of Christmas on Regent Street! 
Join us tonight from 5.30pm to switch on our Christmas lights! Music & entertainment from 
1 day to go. Get ready London! Tomorrow we switch on our magical Christmas lights. Join us from 5.30pm for music, entertainment and exclusive discounts across your favourite stores, bars and restaurants for one night only. Can't make it? Tune into our Live Stream on Facebook 
Introducing the Light Me Up cocktail, ready for the 
2 days to go. RT if you’re joining us for our Christmas lights switch on 
Five days to go till 
Small but perfectly formed, mini bags are the cult accessory this season c/o 
Mrs Downey thank you!  I hope your students reach for the stars, the moon and beyond 
GO CHLOE!! A fellow 
3 of our members off to the Nation Radio Sport Awards at Cardiff City Stadium, excited to be involved in a night of celebrating sport!
Eastbourne is ready to glow tonight with the annual BoHo Winter Light Festival 
The streets of Eastbourne will be aglow this weekend as the BoHo Winter Light Festival returns with even more mesmerising lanterns, christmas stalls & crafty workshops 
TIP OF THE DAY; Never obsess about chasing love. Chase dreams. Chase the behaviors that are going to make you better. You don’t chase love; you allow that love to find you by accident, and when it finds you on accident, you’ll know that it was supposed to find you purposely 
Your heart is precious to God so guard it, and wait for the man that will treasure it. 
Apply by 15 Dec to join the next cohort of 
There are 3 C's in life; choice, chance and change. You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change
Movies + Burritos = Magic 
Dream of sugar plum fairies as 
Let us know if you’re interested at our meeting tomorrow at 5pm in the Durango Building, room 2.208 
Please join our GroupMe for direct communication before the next meeting!: 
Please come to our meeting! We have many exciting events coming up this semester 
 to the city council chamber tour on March 29th! Students got to learn about San Antonio city council right from their seats 
April is a busy month! Check out our events this week 
Join is for our event! We have wonderful guest speakers available to share their career stories. Please RSVP as space is limited 
Just finished Big Little Lies and all I can say is ... fuck. The entire cast is incredible, the story line is incredible and the leading ladies are magical. Time to read the book
I have a silly Pitbull obsession. Kind of excited a new single was just released on my birthday 
It’s happening!
I still have shirts and 8x10s for sale post Shimmer
Aquarium Brushes are back in stock 
Keeping our Bruin Spirit bright for Rivalry Week 
Treat a young girl in celebration of black history month with a doll which educates & inspires 
With every purchase, you help finance the La Flamme 
New Mix Nights course on sale tomorrow 6pm!!! 
Last nights show in Bristol was proper. Thanks to all for an amazing evening 
Me and my translator on the frontpage of the newspaper AlingsåsKuriren. Happy to present "Nikki and the Long Lost Treasure" - a heroine adventure for kids. 
What a brilliant photo Haven House - and a lovely gesture from the brilliant 
Wild Western Way! Delighted to join the stellar lineup of 
If you're starting to think Christmas presents, who would appreciate a 
We're completing our party look with these beauts from the Black Friday sale 
A Few Of Our Party Season Favourites
We Have Some Gorgeous Christmas Jumpers & Tops On The Site Right Now 
Great things are to happen for great peoples cc: 
 G L O W Y  S K I N 
My Holiday Collection has just made its first drop and I'm SO excited for you guys to see what's in store! There are more designs coming your way so make sure to stay tuned 
 L A Y L A 
C A R O L Y N
15% off EVERYTHING use the code 'EGG'
Last day to get 15% off everything instore x
G I V E A W A Y
A social butterflies must haves 
NEW POST FROM ME 
Speak at, sponsor, and attend 
's Bold Street & Castle Street to get huge Christmas makeover 
New and new-ish jewellery is available now from my shop: 
If you see someone without a SMILE, give them one of yours!”
Brilliant night! Thank you! So much love 
Santa Claus is coming to town as our Grotto will be returning for another year! One village, one magical Christmas. 
Look what's arrived at the Box Office! 
: The Apprentice Witch by 
Check out our Weekly Discovery playlist on Spotify, featuring @cabecubmusic, 
Grab your free tickets for the last Metropolis Rising gig of the year 
Calling all Music Glue artists! We've teamed up with 
Calling all Music Glue artists! 
I am in love! Thank you so much 
Just got a new book & feeling very happy about it! What a pretty cover (love the glitter
Beautiful dreams abound! 
Don't be a Jake, go listen to 
Maria Rose reviews: Blood Guard by Megan Erickson |  
Looking for a perfect gift for this Christmas? Remembering Fred is the perfect present - see Strictly stars Janette and Aljaz live in Bromley 
Costume store... if only these clothes could talk 
Tickets on sale NOW for 'Aladdin' starring John Altman 
 - 70% OFF! 
Adelaide's queer arts and culture 
Twenty years on, it's still a global phenomenon with no signs of slowing down. 
It’s tomorrow!! It’s tomorrow!! Tell everyone!! Christmas Lights Switch On!! Pretty Lights!! 
 2 days til the Lights Switch On! Excitement is through the roof! 
London peeps!! I'm going to be DJing at 
The Man Engine is much more than an industrial metal man.He pauses you to think about our mining heritage..Joining our communities together
Our amazing helpers In the Lake District Claire & Kevin! 
Jumping to Conclusions like...
Smile, It's Contagious 
Get Your Favorites Before They're Gone!
Start Your Shopping Early
Hiding From The Haters
We shot some new fashion ft my beautiful friend 
So lovely to randomly bump into 
We can't wait to share our future projects with you 
Tomorrow, tomorrow, I love ya tomorrow, you're always a day awaaaay! A SICK LIFE is on sale 
Today's your last chance to enter and 
Orla Kiely x Izzy Wheels 
NYC! Don't forget to join us Tuesday, June 13th, for a discussion on Mindful Parenting, cohosted by 
Neapolitan pasta + a full-bodied red = A match made in 
Tune in this Thurs Nov 23rd at 5pm GMT for the new episode of 
Tonight's EGM was a huge success, thank you to all who turned up! 
Spreading positive vibes to everyone today. 
Is it...? Could it be...? Oh YES, lovelies, here's my 
What a thoughtful way to say thank you! Well done to an amazing team 
We're thrilled to announce that we've acquired 
”Magic String”
Keep it simple & cozy 
Holidaze in the Sunshine State are merry and bright! Ready to bring cheer to 
Portugal. The Man with Twin Peaks 
 AMAZING NEWS: We have just made Grindr much more inclusive of all genders and PGPs. The fab 
Inspired by lovely chats this afternoon with the incredible 
Read how firms save precious overhead costs when it comes to investing in new technology → 
Despite being called the 'Super Draft', 2001 hasn't been able to top Hawthorn's 'draft class countdown'.However, it has come in at a handy number 2. Any guesses what might be number 1? 
Want to get in the festive spirit? 
KEEN AS A BEAN FOR THIS 
I'm a celeb is back, my fav time of the year 
Vancouver seems to have endless opportunities. So many doors opening in front of me 
January and my ambitions just hit me. Hard. I'm done holding back. Prepare for full creativity and self exploration world! 
 Discover Jamie Bell in a real life love story. Experience the tremendous 
Get into the FEASTIVE spirit this weekend 
So inspired by this talk! (also really want 
Go on a Norwegian Coastal Round Voyage from just £1,348pp next winter with 
Trick or Treat! Halloween is always a magical time of year 
wonderful sharing my work w/ such a curious & amazing audience 
How it feels to be back in my favorite city 
Tbt to this fun little shoot 
Another fantastic review on TripAdvisor, thank you! 
Make a night of it at the Royal Scots Club 
“Edinburgh isn’t so much a city, more a way of life… I doubt I’ll ever tire of exploring Edinburgh, on foot or in print.” Ian RankinVisiting Edinburgh this winter? You're guaranteed a warm welcome at The Royal Scots Club! Book your stay online today. 
Remembrance Sunday Lunch, 12 November from 12pm 
Liaison Lunch with Mary Contini, Thursday 26 October! 
Be the 'mug half-full' kind of person
The A Christmas Story House in Cleveland, OH!!! 
 Are you feeling festive yet? 
What are you celebrating tonight? Whatever the occasion, it calls for Prosecco. 
The "On-Duty" Film Premiere was a success. Almost sold out event and lots a beautiful people in attendance. Many thanks to the Littledrops team for putting night together. Great films by directors 
Don’t worry about the cool weather in 
We're so glad to hear you enjoyed 
Done! Amazing initiative. Please RT and support 
The trailer is here! DIGGING FOR WELDON IRVINE. So proud to be music supervisor! 
one day u gonna do a crazy good tribute for some iconic queen and i’m gonna cry and quote tweet this tweet 
"scorpio energy empowers me to fuck shit up and live my best life"
Take a look at the latest copy of Tees Life magazine, to see why Acklam Hall could be the perfect Wedding Venue you've been looking for! 
 ONE DAY TO GO 
Have a look at what we're doing! Our dementia exercise class has been launched and we're super proud! 
FLASH SALE!!!
Your suffering is my pleasure... 
Join us now for our Reddit AMA! Ask us anything 
a queen getting amongst the golden hour yesterday 
Excited to announce we'll be touring with 
We'll be in Capital Country next Saturday at 
Our bb boi Baeden looking spunky as ever at Argyle House a few weeks ago 
Found this dynamic duo working their magic at 
I’d like to thank the academy... 
I want a cute little inner conch piercing. 
Best of Luck to Kelly Soleau-Millar, Jordan Macpherson, Amy & Jonathon Millar competing in the $100,000 Prix De Penn National tonight 
Ooh these tropical drums in the new Outlander theme 
Wave creator & Bay Area style pioneer Ollie mag style check edition when I was in high school True Taste maker... Im not just saying I do this 
Big love in Paris , international music only ya dig 
Be ready for the first episode of the Thinkspace Podcast, "The Future of Bots ft. 
Set times for Dua Lipa at 
Tonight's show is a real bobby dazzler - and 
Pittsburgh get the ketchup ready, we're coming for you 
Tips from our Ladies Day judge Mairéad Traynor! "I'll be looking for someone who oozes style, elegance & orginality..add some colour to your outfit! Headwear always attracts attention & should be made of appropriate fabrics/textures for the time of year. Let your style shine."
 just premiered the first single from my new EP coming out 11/17 via 
This Wk Special: DESTINY’s CHILD 1HR (1st Hour Of Strickly Ladies Edition) 12-3pm 
TONIGHT :: TONIGHT :: U Know The Place To Be Inna Bday Celebrations Style....... 
"Those of you made only of Hydrogen and Helium can thank the Big Bang but the rest of us depend on stars 
JOIN US TOMORROW | 6:30PM : 
 poster is up!! Reminder that we are still taking submissions of memories of Railton Rd 
The new nude is real glossy! 
Give your loved ones a gift they will treasure this Christmas, head over to 
Tramlines 2017 is over BUT here is part 1 of my review of the weekend!!! Part 2 coming soon 
I don’t need to explain anything. Once I know myself that I’m progressing, even a little bit. It makes a big difference 
Excited to play Dec 9th in LA with 
Legendary night last night thank you 
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year!
A little fun w/my GORGEOUS girls 
GOD sent me a message... 
Everyone TUNE IN!!! So excited to see 
Congratulations to our MA in Art and Research Collaboration graduates, we are so proud of you!!! 
Real-time collaboration is pretty amazing 
SOLD OUT show with the incredibly talented 
How do we ever manage to get used to this improbable life? 
We recognize our good friend 
"Exercise is king, nutrition is queen, put them together and you've got a kingdom." ~ Unknown 
We would be so glad for you to be part of our growing family! Kindly contact Aeron for inquiries. 
Happy birthday to these titas from Batch Mamma Mia!! We hope you had a blast. 
Ooooh great episode !!! I'm officially hooked
It's never too late to make it happen! 8 people who completely redefined themselves in their careers 
Spending my Tuesday evening knee-deep in Node documentation for 
Historic Holiday Nights in Old City
Congratulations to all the winners announced at the PRE-
6 weeks exactly until CHRISTMAS!!! 
happy 18th birthday to one of my favourite people ever 
Thank you the coaches & team for a great Official Visit @ The University of Mount Olive this week!
DEEP IN THE COSMIC CAVES CONJURING SOME SILVERY PSYCH
Come see the actor’s hard work in 3 weeks! Get your tickets from the 
It’s a very exciting Sunday here 
2 days left to enter 
still in awe at how amazing la la land in concert was tonight, the 
The new Lux Row Distillery - where the magic’s gonna happen in our single American oak barrels. 
Excited to be giving away 5 Grace and Grace X 
D Day for the Press Conference of the 
Rocking Around The Christmas Tree!
Give Your Door More This Holiday Season!
Parisian Posey Balls For Decking Your Halls!
Fabulous Fir Forest!
So Excited To Catch Up On Last Weeks thewalkingdeadamc I Hope It’s Good!!!
Jingle Belo, Jingle Belo, 
The Royal Stork Is Back 
Candy Cups For Goodie Gabbing Goblins!
Let’s All Party At The Pink Panda...Which By The Way, Is A French Cafe!
Pink Pumpkin Painting!
Just Like A Crow...I Like Shiny Things!
Bippity Boppity Boo!
The Bride Of Frankie Glitterstein!
Here's to the grooms! We are so 
Kicking off with the Emma in silver! Plus free shipping and free returns 
While we are preparing for turkey day on Thursday, we're also getting ready for Black Friday's festivities. 
We LOVE getting your feedback 
Add a little shimmer to your day 
Have you tried our 24K Skin Gleaux Scrub? 
A little glow- to -go with your coffee 
Happy Halloween everyone! May your day be spooky and sparkly!  
Next show in town~>~>~>
Well-Read Black Girl is a constant reminder that SISTERHOOD IS POWERFUL 
P E A R L Y • W H I T E SHigh Gloss Diamond Polish at 
P E A R L Y • W H I T E SHigh Gloss Diamond Polish at smilepod
Thank you so much to everyone that came yesterday! We had a fab time 
A huge thank you to our amazing henna artist 
An honorary Owens! 
Love my angel @XDiamondBaby
Our Fine Jewellery Archive 
Good morning with positive thoughts 
Have you been to Shop the SLC yet? The last day to check out these awesome vendors is Friday! 
Come and support Ryerson talent at the third annual Shop the SLC: A Holiday Market on Nov. 20th-24th in the SLC! They’ll have new vendors everyday. 
Let’s take a moment to admire this sea of beauty! 
We had a blast at last night’s LA 
Last night we hosted another special 
Last night we hosted a very special 
So privileged to organise such a special remembrance ceremony for our 
 Holiday magic is in the air! 
The Bridge is located in a beautiful city! Check out what 
This Weekend Only! Enter 'FIREWORKS' at checkout for 10% off 
You looked fab! Thank you for joining us ! 
Thank you for coming you looked fabulous 
Our Primrose Hill studio is open LATE on Tues & Wed this week - come and browse rails of beautiful vintage dresses over a glass of wine. To make an appointment please get in touch 
Lokmat Most Stylish Awards!! 
Memorable Evening!! 
Make it an even better shopping date with all your friends to 
What a GORGEOUS couple. 
Over 3,000 tickets sold to 
It’s the most magnificent time of the year 
The Greatest Showman...December 20th
The lamp blazed forth in unparalleled glory. 
 was one of the most fun theatre-going experiences I've ever had! 
Wowowoww! Missing this so much. Thanks for snapping these whimsical shots 
It’s time to get festive - See the 
So many sparkles! We've got MGMA Glitter here with environmentally-friendly glitter face painting 
It will be running 2pm - 6pm tomorrow and promises to be fun for all the family! 
 Win a family ticket (2 adults, 2 children) to see 
12 Special Things About 
 Glistening in the mid-afternoon sunlight and under the floodlights, 
 limited edition signed copies of mindmaze 12” over at 
This morning's weather: Foggy with a strong chance of 
Cant wait to perform in Brooklyn & NYC this week. Who’s coming?! 
Brighten up your winter wardrobe - it's time to get out there and sparkle! 
Just saw this!!...it’s official!
BEYOND excited to have been given the chance to go to the 
London's only skate path is back! Glide beneath the twinkling trees this winter for an enchanting experience like no other: 
This device can print augmented reality photos and it's basically magic 
I'm on a mission to populate 
Getting excited!!! 
Join us in-store this FRI-YAY and get your Christmas shopping sorted with 20% OFF a sparkling selection of pieces! 
Everybody pls vote FOOD HEAVEN now on 
Ticket Holders / Artists / Venues / those who missed the 
You need to watch drag queen 
After our visit to the TEA FARM and MUSEUM. We learnt how to make tea the way CHINESE people do. 
Thank you to any and everyone who has taken a listen or shared it or streamed it or added to a playlist I love you
Oh shit. Here it comes 
Diamond wrapped Chrysoberyl and Zircon fairytale 
Tonight! For those asking, doors at 7.30, Sean Christopher @ 8, Equinox the Peacekeeper @ 8.45 & my stage time is 9:35 ish. See you later 
Tour day one! See you soon, Newbridge 
Some winter tour dates! ♡ Tour alongside Paul Noonan kicks off next week & all six dates are now sold out!! If you didn't grab a ticket this time, check out the other dates below (Dublin, London & Dingle) - come say hi! 
Happy 1st Birthday to ‘Babes Never Die’!
FIRST FIFTY KICKS OFF TONIGHT 
M A J E S T I C 
 Tonight 1% of One take over the venue with live music from Cosmic Strip & wych elm followed by Player 2 
 Tonight No Need To Shout bring 
Our annual Carol Service is back this year at St George's Church Hanover Square. Celebrate the season with a performance from our Choral Society, followed by a drinks reception. 
Boxed holiday cards are HERE and this mysterious deer would love to help you pick out yours. 
Tune in to ‘The Sound of Brum’ on  
Enter this awesome giveaway for your chance to win a custom 
WE'VE GOT NEW SONGS!!! COME PARTY WITH US TOMORROW (FRIDAY) AT THE ART SCHOOL! 
Honour Song // 09.22.17 
Thank you My BELONGings for helping children in crisis entering foster care. You guys are angels 
I had such a magical time performing Learn To Let Go on 
Two brilliant members of the OSTA family - we couldn’t agree more 
Make today awesome. You don’t scare me Monday... 
Happy Thursday! Blinded by the light
Who run the world? Girls.
ICYMI, some special guests got a sneak peek at 
Last night, some special guests got a sneak peek at 
Veterans, we thank our lucky stars (and stripes) for you. Stop by any Scooter's tomorrow for a free small drink! 
ICYMI: Watch the brand-new trailer for A Wrinkle in Time 
Be a warrior. Have a strong Friday. 
What percentage unicorn are YOU? Take our quiz over on our blog and find out! 
Shake and Shimmy with our Sugar Elf’s this Christmas!
Cyber's started early at 
 the greatest work of art ever
Not just ink it's so I never forget the man that made me who I am today RIP POP POP 
 FAM I saw you perform last night at 
Gonzaga: a place filled with hopes, dreams, and willpower 
 What a bumper weekend of light switch ons! It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
I put a new video up last night! I’d really appreciate some feedback on it? Subscribe if you enjoyed! 
 to The Co-Op photo shoot! 
It's gettin' chilly y'all, time to spread some 
 Cute World of Warcraft bosses, responsible for countless raid wipes! Which one of these is your favourite?
Great talk on marketing your game for steam. 
Sky Ranger, reporting for duty! 
I love my life so much. 
Don't forget!! Our friends at AOC Gaming have given us a AOC 24" 144HZ Gaming Monitor to give away! 
The intricate details of the ceiling fresco in the Millennium Biltmore Los Angeles will make you feel so glamorous. 
I got my first pair of 
Take part in AMA event with 
TONIGHT! @maximoparkofficial with 
last day for 25% off with code: GIVEART25 
witchy timelapse on my iPad! from sketch to final linework! 
Its almost time for liftoff, Dreamers! 
Been going to events at Rawhide since 2015 and I was absolutely blown away by 
"May your coffee kick in before reality does." 
WORTH IT // MIDNIGHT 
For almost 6 years, this city has given our show a loving home, a fascinating subject, a beautiful soundtrack, and the most gorgeous canvas to paint our stories on. We are forever grateful to the true star of 
Here’s to our final season of 
Trouble writing customer email copy? We collected 85 great ideas to inspire you 
So much fun! 
We love tweeting but our Help Center is also just a click away: 
How stunning are the lanterns down Abbeygate Street? 
This Christmas enter Le Cirque des Rêves for an evening of theatrics & magic inspired by the novel The Night Circus. Tickets at 
Big pats on the backs of Head Chef Simon Hicks and the 
Metallic boots to brighten grey skies 
Love rocking this outfit on stage for 
If you love glitter & sparkles 
Thanks to everyone who attended the Networks of Alliance workshop with Alex Martinis Roe, curated by Anna Santomauro + Valerio del Baglivo as part of 
We are well and truly in the festive spirit here thanks to our talented friends 
We know how important it is to have smiley faces in a hi-viz at an event. 
My new video is live as we head to 
I'll have some new abstract works in a new group show 
Some of my more recent abstracts now available on 
Spray paint and acrylic on canvas board framed ready to hand. 37x25" 
In progress shot from Upfest 
Christmas celebrations start tonight at 
Here's a mesmeric start to your day....you're welcome. Serving similar from 10. 
YAY! Today's the day we're having our clearance SALE of all things lovely to make your home beautiful this Christmas!!
Aw we missed you to tell you about all things party! 
 We can't wait to see what lovely displays you will create!  
3 Days To Go....Plus 
Just finished an intimate interview with 
Absolutely incredible performance tonight 
This evening my Grandmother transcended this life.
MY PHONE WAS STOLEN BUT IM BACK GO CHECK MY 
 TONIGHT - CIRCUS - THE GLITTER BALL 
Since my debut single release 2 weeks ago, i've had international features and a debut on 
DREAMING! On Monday night I performed after 
Can’t get over this song by my G sonlittlemusic • O Me O My (trying a version on guitar) 
Dream Big. Set Goals. Take Action.
Can't wait to watch the new 
We can’t wait to share 
What a girl. What a speech. What a beauty 
living our best leg lives at 
Give it up for our Senior, Teen, & Junior Scholarship Finalists here in Houston!
We simply cannot get over the majestic beauty of the cover for 
so i’ve been working on a ton of new beats & can’t wait to start playing them out next year 
I've done a refix of my favourite Christina tune 
A little snip of a new tune of mine called ‘Eyes of a Girl’ hopefully you get to hear it soon 
Talked smart writing tips w/ some v. smart writer folk—> 
Girl they done posted it up on Reddit about my post already. Lol I’m not upset, I’m laughing. I can comment on whatever I want - If I have an opinion it’s a defense, sure. I’m still getting paid so whatever 
Subculture Palette, Sunburst Highlighter from the That Glow Kit & Ebony Dipbrow Pomade 
Trunkshow tomorrow! Come see us at Thompson Belgraves 5:30-8 pm 
My Charmaleena mix of today 
My New Single "Don't Think About It" is OUT NOW!! Lemmie know what you guys think 
 yes everything is bad and our playlist is now halved, but chrismukkah has twice the resistance of any normal holiday. come party with us like it's 2003 
hello! I have a new email and I'm (still) a writer for hire on music, pop culture and feminism. find me at almaupsides@gmail.com 
OpenSSH. Loved by devs, served by Fastly.
Heading into the holiday week with a little eye candy! 
I'm very excited to announce that I'm going to speak at 
 (via The Ancient Magus' Bride)
 is THE move for holiday shopping.
Super happy to announce that my girl 
WOW what a pleasant surprise... Thank You Comics-N-Stuff!!
It’s Panel Time!! 
We are SO EXCITED to have (limited release, screenprinted!) 
 YOU COULD WIN $1K. FOR REAL. 
A little clip from Devin Barney and Amanda Wright’s performance at the 
Award winning screendance artist Katrina McPherson will be visiting 
Enjoy the warmth, humor and joy of 
Make your bubbly dreams come true! 
Pre show last night at 
The 8 bra types you need to know about 
Back at The "Whiskey A Go-Go" here on the Sunset Strip 
“I live a quiet life. It’s not as glamorous as people think it is.”
about last night w/ marvelsrunaways 
After renovating the stairs. A lazy afternoon in rainy Amsterdam. 
Say hello to the BRAIDED CHAIN 
A golden state of mind 
SUN NOV 12 /// 
 My first time playing 
PSA/FYI we'll be closed today from 3-5.30PM to hold our Staff Meeting! 
The times of our lives w/ 
Hey Wednesday, put your best foot forward. 
SEE U IN THE FUTURE
Unplugged "Skin + Bones + Chemicals" in Alabama 
Sometimes you just have to look at the stars and get some perspective 
Subscribe to our YouTube channel for some exciting new content! 
Subscribe to 'A Year of Spark' and you too could be receiving this delightful package! All 22 centenary editions PLUS Appointment in Arezzo throughout the year, saving over £30! This is a limited offer you really don't want to miss 
You know you want to... 
Please note that we will be closing at 5pm today as we prepare for our 
yeah,good brand new music Jono McCleery“Ingenue (Synkro Remix)” thanks introducing 
Ningalibali! Story time at 
Sophisticated seduction crucifies star-crossed lovers, with a gangster's poetic finesse, in the darkly majestic "Sacrosanct"
Programmer Martha introduces the UK premiere of Nada Mezni Hafaiedh's Upon the Shadow, with Matthew from 
I will not be attending AVN this year 
 Members site + my snap when you join: 
Inspired by Homura's Soul Gem, @Twiggybraindead looks dazzling using Broken Silver Eye Gel 
That look you give when you know its the 
 Introducing Broken Gold & Silver 
Love a clean simple skin with a touch of 
Amazing shoot amazing team& playful hair for 
What would it take for you to realize that you were made of stars? 
Starting stream in 10 min
PLUS ULTRA!!! 
One of my first drawings with Touch markers 
The ultimate beauty box is currently on offer 
With high antioxidant power, the entire 24K Bio Gold collection protects skin from harmful free radicals &  helps to defy signs of ageing such as dry & dull skin, wrinkles & fine lines! Get exclusively online from 
 Prepare for molecular mixology madness throughout December at 
Do you want your skin to glow? 
We're headlining this sick clubnight in Huddersfield later this month! 
The stage is set. Tonight at 
 If Only I Could Catch My Dreams 
The magical Badgley Mischka SS18 earrings (straight from the runway!) are being previewed right now 
Have you been to one of our Yoga Breakfast Classes yet? Book in and confirm your slot today 
Have you been to one of our Breakfast Yoga Classes yet? Book in and confirm your slot today 
Still gassed about Glory being played on the radio ngl. It ain’t even out yet mateeeee. Big up 
ICYMI: Smart Girls Co-Founder 
brown eyes & blue skies
"We are more impactful as women when we use our vulnerability as a source of power" 
My love is always there. Even if you can't see it. 
new tune alert ft. co-prod by me. 
 inspiring our newfound love for Kona Kampachi 
Audio production FAQs: Headphones, levels, mics, and more — storytelling tips and best practices from 
We’re delighted to feature it! 
check out kimbra's new song and vid!! so goood!!! 
We are looking for another Monk!
Returned from it's lengthy travels and online NOW 
If there's one word that describes DizzyPurple, it’s style. 
 Any companies out there NEED a good PROMOTER for their business? Perhaps I can help? Come check out my account or various other links!
Heyyyy South London - our pals in 
 There is not a birthday like the one celebrated with friends over a 
Let Christmas be-GIN!
Weekends are for plane training out to Concourse F and indulging yourself in the International Terminal 
Looking for the perfect dress? Take a look at our occasion wear for the party season 
Don't do dresses? The gorgeous 
F R I D A Y  N I G H T ready in a full 
 the new Murano Charms inspired by Disney's Frozen. Did you know they glow in the dark? 
Another winter knit to add to the collection 
Morning, everyone! Hope you have a lovely day 
Throw-back to Pareeee, where we had a week of summer sunshine in October, and coats and scarves could be left at home 
Phone cases to celebrate the release of STARS. 
 @mmelo_confections now offers an Espresso Happy Hour
So Bath does Christmas quite well 
Some snaps from my latest post 
Course admin Mags Flanagan hard at work making the magic happen for our 
Friday niiiight right?! 
Got my sisters in spin coming thru for the Girls Gone Vinyl edition of Casual Play 
Loved putting this mix together for 
SAVAGE REFIX EP - OUT NOW
Waiting for tour to start up again like... 
Leave the keys at home, enjoy the fireworks and let us get you home safely 
 Just incase you missed our most recent Vegan Makeup Tutorial featuring Britains Next Top Model 
Great news from our friends at Anthony Nolan
 with a programme of beautiful music for Advent in 
OMG on 12/2 we're playing with our besties 
Birthday shout out to the Slovak-Stalin connect romliss 
Happy Birthday Mr Velvet 
Happy Birthday Mate! 
 All of our products are on SALE for Black Friday! Shop here
It’s that time!!! Biggest sale of the year! 35-70% off sitewide! 
Voyage of the Sable Venus (
We're thrilled to be hosting this book launch reading for Montreux Rotholtz's debut collection, Unmark! Sun, 5 pm 
Don’t forget to show off your holiday artwork! 
SUNDAY 8.15 | The hilarious 
Tomorrow we launch our storytelling campaign at our SOLD OUT event. We're looking forward to sharing the stories of these amazing women! 
In case you missed it, the women of 
Farewell Tom Petty! Hope the ping pong in heaven is as good as they say... you will be missed 
Well done to all of the children & families who joined us at 
Please do not hurt authors or libraries. 
Not very often you get to be the very first visitor to 
The perfect mirror for every cyclist! 
Welcoming 19 chefs with a combined 21 Michelin 
When in doubt, go to the library. 
, starring Emma Stone & 
What do you want to be when you grow up? 
Oklahoma skies are what dreams are made of. Come peruse our selection of gorgeous Catherine Freshley Art. 
One word...GLITTER 
Amazing colour change done yesterday 
My new single With You is out everywhere! Link 
Had such a nice time djing for the folks at 
 Dont forget! Tomorrow GBH will be at 
GBH crew is all smiles since Sunday workshops have begun! 
VALI IS NUMBER 1 IN THE 
Run with Wolves.. Walk with tigers... 
Tom Petty, RestEasy 
 MY HEART • OUT NOW!! 
 MY HEART • OUT NOW 
 25% discount on Prints Boxes! 
@risengryns new single Lovin' U feat. 
So many exciting new things are coming 
Recording is a wonderful mystery.  You gather a collection of talent, and then magic is made right there before your eyes.
I'm so happy to announce I will be playing the 
Singing one of my all time favorite songs "river" by 
Honored to perform with my favorite voice in 
A lovely and empowering chat between our friend 
I know the world is dark and scary right now, but maybe my gentle game will make you feel better? It's on 
My back a couple of nights ago in LA. 
Happy to announce that I've launched my jewelry website 
Green with multi colored magnifying light shining through like a prism 
stay tuned to my IG Stories for the bts of today's BillBoard Women in Music Awards w. Kehlani 
literally just landed & called Kehlani like "SIS WE OUT TO THE GRAMMYS" you know I'm ready 
Sometimes you have to let life turn you upside down, so you can learn to live, right side up 
Victoria's Secret Fittings: Jasmine Tookes
Glitter, bright colours & more glitter! 
We hit 800 likes!!!!
Next week, may the force be with you at 
Can you feel the FORCE? 
 Have you taken advantage of our 2 for £15 deal yet?! 
It's Saturday and we are open from 12-5pm!
Hello December, we've missed you! 
Make every moment matter! 
 is hiring part-time sales associates. Please apply in-store at 
Good Cheer at a Great Price 
The festive season is officially here and 
 Jumpsuits, and velvet and sequins, oh my! 
 Stand back. We have glitter, and we know how to use it. 
Happy birthday to our amazing 2017 New Orleans host, 
That cosy-warm sip of festive cheer. 
 Full of joy and Christmas cheer. 
From the wizardry of Hogwarts to the magic of Paris, yesterday we welcomed 
Be a creator and put your energy into something positive! 
 It's day 100 of 
Our City’s looking sparkly and it’s getting us SO excited for Christmas! 
Let us review your social media for free! 
Trinity Square looking beautiful on a Sunday Evening with the new Hall for Hull Installation 
It's that time of year again 
Bubble Blast Bash! -  
Ayla Brown Birthday Bash  & Neon Saturday Night
Where do we go from here? ... 
If you happen to be going to see 
Looking through old photos listening to Seventeen by 
WOWEEE ZOWEEE!!! Do you see this new RWR merch?! 
Today is an amazing day to change your mindset & free yourself from fear, self doubt, judgment, insecurity, etc. Now can save our life. 
Invigorated this week for all the new releases from 
Due to your amazing response several UK tour dates are now sold out. I'm adding an extra date at the Palladium in London on Feb 23rd. Tickets go on sale tomorrow 10am See you all there!! 
 Slash is always shining bright! 
To always knowing your worth 
 Be the gold you wanna hold. What else is there to say?! 
Come jam out with me & my girl 
Our independent business of the week is 
Link to my live cover of Daniel Caesar's, Best Part. Like, Comment and Subscribe for more
Our cosmic masquerade is nearly here! All our early bird tickets are sold out, but we have £15 advance tickets left for our magical 
“Language doesn’t imitate reality; it creates a reality with glistening shards that shift and refine themselves in the perception of the reader.” 
Happy weekend everyone! 
: The "Hardwick Hall" portrait of Elizabeth I of England by Nicholas Hilliard.Date: circa 1599
Last night w/ The Wednesdays, 
 AUS & NZ ONLY! 99c NOW!
 BIG CHRISTMAS MAKE UP GIVEAWAY
 £184 worth of Figs and Rouge, could be yours.... 
Tickets for Moving Castle World are on sale now! Hope to see you there 
Hear why Robert Colquhoun (Headteacher at Brannock High School) chooses to work with TOK. Email happy@treeof.com to find out how our workshops can inspire your pupils, parents and staff 
Really insane that the Cain music video has been viewed over 325,000 times. 
 has been extended for one day only! Shop women's dresses + rompers starting at $15 online now. 
◈ Reflective Part 2 is OUT NOW! ◈Join us on another adventure into the cosmos of collaboration! 
Have you tried our updated iOS app yet? 
Instagram hack for the holiday season, use 
Officer Madison spent some quality time reading to these bright little stars 
 is the #1 movie in the nation that critics and audiences can’t stop cheering for! 
Give her a follow and show some love folks, another fairly recent apostate in our ranks 
Some lovely morning treatments at 
My ladies new girlsonswim style.                 ・・・The Sunset One piece
Jealous much? Make them green with envy for this 
Shuuka Fujii wearing Marc Jacobs Resort '18 embellished denim and our Snapshot Bag at 
Are you readyfor Christmas? Here are 5 Fun, Colourful Christmas Crafts to Make with Kids 
NEW VIDEO!My interview with the super cool 
This is how you will be spending your Saturday night 
Let’s go from Dusk till Dawn at 
Everything she touches turns gold 
“I am a designer’s original, I’ve been cut from a different cloth and they no longer make that fabric anymore
My debut documentary Black In Tokyo just premiered on 
The person who says "It can't be done" should not interrupt the person doing it 
The last Fireside Chat of the day will be going down with 
So happy with this atmospheric subtly animated version of my sculpture for 
The champagne is on ice - it's time for our first 
 Awesome additions to Desert Daze just announced! 3 Day: 
My team is doing big tings for Nigeria so proud 
Applied to 50+ internships & got rejected by ALL. But ELLE contacted me to be one of their 3 beauty interns! See rejections as an open door
@cadaoraevents made my yesterday Lit 
.Together forever.....
.Good night.....
.Good night everyone....
.Sometimes life gives you the test before you've had time to learn the lesson....
.Good night everyone.....
LIMITED NUMBER OF TICKETS AVAILABLE! 
Be prepared. GwentSlam #3 is coming up next weekend! Are you ready for this? 
Stay positive, work hard and keep looking forward. Find the star in you 
Celebrating my 1 year anniversary 
 I regretted resisting the green one last Christmas... this gold version + CyberMonday more than makes up for that... it's GLORIOUS! 
Watch out for our BLACK FRIDAY deals 
 Want to be a kind, effective & sustainable 
IT'S TOOTSMAAAAAAAAAS!!!!!!!! 
I think I’m a Greeny (with a little bit of Brick in me) but wish I was a blinding Gold
Announcing the tasty and delectable traders of 
So mushroom, so little time 
When Rosa Parks said “no” to giving up her bus seat, she helped start a movement.
This totally made our day! 
PrEP is a once-daily pill that prevents HIV 
LAST FEW DAYS TO ENTER 
It's a good time of year to catch nature's very own light show - have you seen the 
The City of Lights is waiting! 
Support artists and internet fiends and real humans. 
Amazing and magical evening watching & meeting Lisa Nilsson 
We love using our Mulling Spice Drops in 
The weeks leading up to Christmas are full of excitement 
So much love! 
We are so excited to share the news that our Global Makeup Artist 
For those who want to thrive in business and learn more about the big boys in Africa - Here's a book with it all 
Lyon will be looking extra bright and magical from the 7th - 10th December at the Light Festival 
currently reading: SPINNING by 
Just got my Kamen Rider shirt from 
Check out these coins I designed! Now available at 
It's showtime! Turn any link into a personalized shopping experience with our newest solution, Curalate Showroom 
Summer forever, please! 
Check out my DIY Marble Notebook Cake recipe on 
Make matching t-shirts, like these DIY cheeky beauties I made with 
NEW! Cherry Cake Pop recipe on my blog 
NEW! 5-Ingredient Creamsicle Cake recipe inspired by 
Best day ever! Happy anniversary no. 1 
NEW video! How To Host a Galaxy-Themed Party 
NEW recipe on the blog for Raspberry Marzipan Bar Cookies 
Kind of dying over these shooting star tassel earrings from 
Throwing shade since 1988 
BEYOND excited to be Instagram official 
Go for a mineral-istic look in this blue 
Woomoon take us today in a trip to the Wild West! Join us and let magic happen! 
Today is the day! Preorder my book A Little in Love with Everyone, on Alison Bechel's Fun Home & queer mentors & the power of story 
My debut album 'Nothing Is Real' is out today on 
 £1 Tickets For Berlin Berlin, Boxing Day Special & more!
This is your LAST CHANCE to win tix to 
Meghan Markle knows how to sparkle! 
Here are my calf tattoos I got today inspired by The Burden of Being Wonderful by Steel Panther 
Busy day preparing for Open Studios, even our corridors look lush
Three days until opening night! Meet some of our mythical creatures 
Starting Dec 6, 
A Vegas classic. 
The countdown to Christmas begins. 
Celebrate love and music with Miguel and the Grand Harmony. 
Every story needs a little magic. 
C H R O M E 
Y’all had to know she was in the book! OTD in 1955 
80's LeVar Burton and Kermit are all about Patsy Walker, A.K.A. Hellcat Vol 1: Hooked On A Feline. CHECK IT OUT!
LA lovers: you+me=
 WHAT'S NEW? 
Oh (UEA) Christmas Tree! We’re brightening up the dark wintry evenings on campus with some early festive cheer. Our Christmas tree and lights are up and ready for the festive season! 
Love & Hate live on 
Events this week:Mon 
Read up on the fantastic article written by 
Thank you so much for having us & congrats to the other teams!! 
To dedicate a star in memory of a loved one, go to 
Lovetakestwo! I’ve been wanting to hear that song live for years! See you at MeowWolf!!! 
WE FOLLOW IF:
Day 3 of our competition to WIN
Next Fri 1st Dec: 3 mouthwatering courses matched with craft wines. Come & get festive
 Hey Napa! What are you doing New Year’s Eve? 
That low early morning sunshine... 
Absolutely mind-blowing production of Jonathan Dove’s « The Enchanted Pig » @ Jackson’s Lane Theatre last night
Just over a month until Farinelli and the King opens on Broadway 
Four more chances left to catch 
Looking forward to seeing you all! 
Have you picked up your FREE copy of 
You can now pick up one of these stunning 
That’s a wrap on our shoot with the fabulous 
New video today at 12pm! Featuring the amazing 
A special Saturday night 
Party season is here! Be bold and dazzle with our festive party wear trends! 
Metallic shadows are ALL we care about rn, tbh
You're invited to the first of our Sunday Socials 
Who doesn't love a dress with pockets? Team that with some luxurious lace and you have one very stylish bride 
 Monday blues? May we suggest a little 
Gonna be a great day 
CHAMP ONLINE: Designer 
Man I’m so fucking pumped for nye at T5! Feels so good to be back home a full month before the show! Dec in NYC is the most magical time! 
An excellent uplifting trancer 
We're almost there! 
Indulge in some Progressive brilliance today with 
”It’s the year 2525. Makeup and hair are the new fashion accessory of the future. The future is Bold, Fearless and Untamed”. Congratulations to 
TODAY IS THE DAY!
Words to love by from our girl adwoaaboah 
Now that it's been announced, I can say that I'll be working on this show as a Color Stylist! It's gonna be amazing y'all! 
Dreams really do come true
Doing a group project on school and everything would help! 
Woke up dreaming about brunch? We are here to make your dreams come true. 
The Downton Abbey exhibition has arrived in NYC! Now you can visit your favorite TV show in real life. 
 Time to turn your old phones into charity gold  
Another delicious dish from our ultimate fine dining experience 
Daydreaming over dishes from our ultimate fine dining experience 
Our chefs celebrating a successful evening
The fourth course is heading out 
Less than 4 weeks till 
Absolutely stunning photos of our real bride Leah and husband Mike 
What's your perfect colour palette?
Huge congratulations to Debby Burnside, our Woman of the Year Runner-Up! 
"I donate...to keep babies cozy and warm. It also warms my heart to help future generations grow!” Ashley
3 D A Y S until 
Early morning egg magic. 
CAKE OF THE WEEK
It's beginning to look festive here at the Civic Building! Kick off your holiday season tomorrow during 
A day in Macclesfield of blethering about books and principled prattling about RfP! Oh, and the one and only Mini Grey! Not to be missed! 
From one Traction Man fan to another, 
Found this on my desk this morning: "The world need you Miss Williams and Mini Grey" ... made me laugh out loud! WE ARE NEEDED BY THE WORLD, 
Oh my goodness, couldn't be more thrilled with new Hogwarts wooden boxes from 
"It's so important" 
The last month is the best month 
Really?! That would be AMAZING 
 We’re hiring! Email your CV to joinus@qhairandbeauty.co.uk and be apart of Team Q 
We now do a lightening touch on 13-17 year olds! This bright blonde has been created by our stylist Maddison 
Sunsets are proof that every day is a magical gift! 
Don’t go with the flow. Be the flow 
So proud of my baby Ro for having such a beautiful and amazing quality jewelry business 
This spinach empanadas recipe is Paleo-friendly, gluten- and dairy- free
Got some left over eye makeup spots? Use our Eye Makeup Remover Oil on a q-tip to get the extra bits, xo. 
What's outside means nothing, and what's inside is everything.
Magazine of the day is issue 44 of 
There's a new thought leader in town
Transform your bedroom to star status with beautiful bed linen from the Kylie Minogue At Home Collection! Available at 
Your December horoscope is here, and it’s queer
24 DAYS TO GO 
Will share most posts over here too for my loyal twitter followers 
Is it time to Deck The Halls yet? 
Get your little Rudolphs kitted out for Christmas with a festive onesie!Check out the range in-store at Debenhams - the official page  
Add a little magic to your festive food & drinks 
Stock up for the season! Buy three packs of Rose Gold Prosecco Shimmer for only £20
Rose gold eye makeup. 
RCEM is celebrating its 50th year.EMAT congratulates you.Join us in this celebration!
Our students yesterday taking teaching out of the classroom on a wet & windy November morning! Exploring 5 stages to support young children’s self esteem through beach school with Dr Duncan.
Great to see Marcy & the Riddle of the Sphinx amongst such brilliant company - Thanks Simon! 
Thanks to our HK backers for joining us tonight 
Was great to celebrate The Pheasant at Buckland’s 2nd festive birthday party last night! Once again the gin miniature baubles went down a treat.  
Soul Casserole - Tonight from 9 until late - Free 
We put a lot of work into making our roof terrace look this good!  
The roof terrace is open every day from 12 til close 
Don't miss Harry & The Hounds live tonight from 8pm! 
Tickets for our New Year's Party are now on sale at the bar! 
It's time for CHRISTMASSSSSS! 
Competition ENDS TOMORROW! 
Have you entered this amazing competition to win a luxury stay in Dubai?  ↠ Head over to Instagram to enter! 
 becomes the first K-Pop girl group to land four No.1s on Billboard's World Albums chart
Our hosts have arrived! 
The slides for my talk on progressive web applications 
Yay! Play with the full power of *GraphQL real-time* using new Apollo Client 2.0 together w/ latest Angular (v5) and Angular Material (rc0) 
She's back with a banger!!! 
A new way to shop for weddings! Browse the exclusive bridesmaids 
one of my many tasks: make sure i put the right source code in the right scarf 
Yay! So excited to meet all these awesome speakers again next week at *Rich Web Experience* in Florida for 
Microsoft issued me a Mac when they hired me to help people use Linux on Azure. 
Sending an endless amount of thank yous & hugs to 
Our December cover star is 
My brotha makes my heart smile! 
my new single "Property" is out now! 
Let's Get Physical 
”Watch me turn GIN into (Gal) WINE”
Waiting for tonight...when you will be on the dance floor! 
Shop the Cyber Monday 40% OFF Sale now at 
Spinning into the weekend and holiday season like... 
Instant Smokey Eye. Lashes To Remember. Party Proof.
When your birthday present fits our lesson plan perfectly, you bring it! 
Vegas! Vinyl @ Hard Rock tonight! I'm on at 9:20! See you there
Ayyy we saw you singing!! 
Thank you so much!! 
Thank you so much Santa Cruz! SF up next tonight 
Surprise! I'm dropping a new song on FRIDAY - For now 
Eek! I feel like a kid on Christmas morning! 
THIS JUST IN! 
We loved helping Miss Kellie make James’ wish come true just in time for the holidays. 
UK/EU, last chance to sign up to the mailing list to get the code for Thursday's pre-sale at 9am local 
Our Personal Shoppers are championing the Western trend with these ankle boots... and we're 100% into it 
Nothing to wear? Our party dresses edit might convince you otherwise 
Looks like we've just found our new season coat 
 E M M Y 
Follow our trail of over one million twinkling lights... it could only be 
Not long to go now... 
I do a thing called WHAT I WANT 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Looking forward to playing some carols on Flute & Bassoon in the lovely setting of 
These 2 concerts are this weekend in 
Lookin' so good you have to capture it
Road Trip?!
Ready To Take On The Weekend xx
Catch Me If You Can
Walking Out Of Work Like...
Love Me From Far Away
Looking for the weekend like...
I’m feelin’ it already. And there’s a full moon! See you soon, 
I’ve just done my first learning walk ever, and as the new Chair of the Academy Council at 
How about some circus, cabaret and jaw-dropping acts this Christmastime? Check out 
Thanks Madrid! Into the last few shows of the year this week 
Glad to see a former Project SoundLounge member doing so well 
Fancy a spa break? Try the gorgeous 
E N C H A N T I N G
E X Q U S I T E 
S t u n n i n g  E l e g a n c e 
WHAT AN AMAZING NIGHT IT WAS! 
So I’ve been listening to 
clark - honey badger = yes 
TIP OF THE DAY; You need to ignore what everyone else is doing and achieving. Your life is about breaking your own limits and outgrowing yourself to live YOUR best life. You are not in competition with anyone else; plan to outdo your past, not other people
Right now on dublab w/ FROM NOW ON & it's Proton Drive & lots of cool things 2 buy while u donate4pm - 6pm PST 
Lots of respect & thank you to 
These beautiful new December brochures are flying off the shelves! 
It’s here!!!! Tickets now on sale for MEØW TOUR with my buddy 
  STREAM MY ALBUM HERE 
Right before we shutdown the Predator event 
Everything you could wish for! 
Join us and award winning Jane Seymour and renowned designer Michael Amini tonight until 8pm. 
Noomi Rapace wearing Boom necklace
Claw Stone Ring with Rose Quartz
Ready for Guldknappen in my beautiful shoes from 
This is by far Maria's largest collection yet, 1 year work, more than 60 new pieces and showpieces. Showtime Monday
Sneak peek from SS16 collection The Treasure that will be shown at The Royal Armoury during Stockholm Fashion Week
Happy Opening to my beautiful cast of 
One of the brightest light in the New York City 
see u guys next year 
Let the birthday festivities begin... 
Oh baby, a triple! 
2017 has been D&D’s most successful year in the 20 years I’ve been with Wizards. Our team is great, and our fans are the best! Thank you all for the incredible support. Everyone gains a level. 
Join like-minded fans to experience legendary esports moments at 
 PRIZE NUMBER ONE:A private Limousine trip to Victoria Gate Casino, with Prosecco for 8!T&C's apply. 
Check out this video of Wolfpack founder Eric Perez speaking w/ Adam Fogerty in advance of our friendly w/ Hull FC during our inaugural pre-season. For more exclusive Wolfpack content, please visit 
“We have some imaginative and novel ideas to maximize this partnership both in Canada and the UK, and cannot wait to develop these as the season progresses.” 
Happy 1st day of December! Thank you all your ‘Paw’esome canid contributions for our 
Toronto Wolfpack supporters are now invited to register their interest in the Chairman’s Hospitality Area for the 2018 season. Multi-game packages, as well as individual game access, will be available for purchase in the New Year. 
One week away from our first performance! 
Less than one month till our first show date!We can't wait to hit the road and bring the magic to a city near you! 
 Lights, curtain, action! 
Blackberry gin fiz’s at our afternoon wedding tasting with a 
Huge thank you to all who came along to the 
Excited to take the field w the sisters tomorrow but will definetly be mixed emotions playing against NZ Maoris instead of with them 
What’s Up?! This week we’lol have magic w/ 
Happy 1st of December y'all 
"God how I ricochet between certainties and doubt"
It was an absolute delight! Thank you! 
The top festive hotel party packages to enjoy around Bath this Christmas 
Discover the magic of Bath this Christmas. 
Set times tonight @ The Queen E 
It's a lovely full house here at 
We were at Glasgow’s Buchanan Galleries this weekend promoting 
We love seeing all your photos with Mickey Mouse Ears in support of the 
Be guided around the night sky 
“Y’all are sleeping on this highlight 
NEW BLOG POST UP
Have you seen today's new Blogmas post? Surviving the party season as an introvert! 
NEW POST! Shop independently this Christmas, here are some of my faves: 
Want to advertise with me? Book a package for February now! 
Still recovering from an AWESOME night last night!Huge thank you to the brilliant 
BLOGMAS DAY THREE: EVERY DAY DRUGSTORE WINTER MAKEUP 
During Twitch Con I was able to buy some amazing artwork from 
We agree! Let Laviish Skin be your foundation! Available to buy on Amazon 
NEW Shopping made easier with eBay Explore | Saffy Dixon 
Always buying... the pressure of social media 
Darlings, don't miss out on my FREE gift to you! Visit 
Set the scene for seduction this holiday season with 
So much fun being involved in the judging. Thank you so much for having me. Can’t wait to find out the results 
Solid Grooves all sorted with the team 
Classic flaps available 24/7 @ 
In need of V-day inspo? Our Valentine's Day Gift Guide is coming to the blog February 8th 
Wait, who's that we see on the 
Discover true holiday magic at our Fifth Avenue flagship with our NYC influencer Cheralee Lyle. Shopping, styling, gifting, playing… it’s all happening at Henri Bendel this season: 
 I loveeeeee this top oh my GOD IM SO EXCITED FOR YOUR CLOTHING LINE CARTIA!!!! 
Can we all bless someone today?Do you have PayPal? Square cash? FB messenger? Venmo? Wanna play?
All that glitters is GOLD. 
Thanks for a great night! 
Sparkly girls are the happiest girls
Stop by and get a head start on Christmas gifts! 
ahhh finally! one of my fav tracks from one of my fav artists, 
I have never felt so independent, confident and happy before. This feeling is amazing 
Embroidery Over Gold Sequin 
Get party season ready with 
The choice is yours. The results are outstanding. 
Get your shine on in a metallic tee! 
Don't be afraid to take an unfamiliar path. Sometimes they're the ones that take you to the best places 
Tony Kirkham, Head of the Arboretum at Kew, and his horticultural team have added their own light creation to 
All calendars and holiday items 15% off through Cyber Monday! 
The Mazda 6 flagship shames some luxury marques’ mid-sizers in terms of refinement and competence. Congrats 
The Costume Institute Takes On Catholicism via 
THANK YOU!!! We're happy to announce that thanks to our generous donors on 
 MY SOCIAL LINKSTwitch: 
A little more Glow before winter. 
 rocked it on the Macy's Day Parade!! 
Getting ready for the show! Braids and glitter for everyone 
We’re TRULY in love with your 
October sparked a fabulous collaboration with the incredible 
 Albums Of The Year lists are coming in: ‘Hippopotamus’ has ranked #15 in 
Proud to see our colleague and former LA Director 
 Read up on the 10 most popular startups of last month: 
Who doesn't love a bit of bling? 
Sparkle baby, sparkle! 
Here's a pair of showstopping booties you need for all of your festive fêtes this holiday season 
We’ve really taken a shine to these metallic accessories 
Music and Art are the same guiding lights of the world 
Reaching for the stars is not always easy 
This trail is magical for so many reasons 
Ready to tackle our third competition this week!!! Good luck to all the teams competing today! 
Today is the day! Tune into Varsity TV on 
And of course massive congrats to you 
Sounds like an amazing opportunity! 
Looking for a cinematographer in Los Angeles! 
Thank you to Lolitas Burlesque, Christopher Wonder & the crowd for the good times!! Glad everyone was able to get in!! Can’t wait for tonight! 
just hours til the magic begins!!
Upgrade your cocktail this festive season with our disco sippers 
Sorry I’ve been quiet, I’ve been HEREEEEE 
 to March '17 when we were finalising the photography for 
The Grand Prix for Good goes to Åkestam Holst/ Great Works for 'The Humanium Metal Initiative for IM 
It’s lit! When the days are short and the nights are long, 
If you see me at the function tn, hug me if you dare - I forgot to wear deodorant 
Get ready to WERK IT next House of Vogue w Lsdxoxo, Symba Mcqueen, MikeQ & the Qween Beat collective Wedensday 12/20! 
Playing a quiet intimate set tomorrow in Flemington, NJ 
Vibes today ft. 
Get ready—Monument Valley 2 is here.We’ll see you after this magical journey. 
Finally someone has the guts to Say it as it is!! This is a fundamental problem, we are still mental slaves and Hail and validate anything from Outside as better! 
"Gonna Be a Hell of a Story" 
CHAMBRAY "RELIEV" LP OUT NOW EVERYWHERE 
TONIGHT!! Don’t miss our annual Trancegiving event with 
Prepare for the feels feat. 
My pleasure! Thank you for making my music accessible for hard of hearing! Keep on rocking, this is a great idea! 
 Looking for a fun corporate outing? Our trolleys seat up to 33 passengers with a choice of either open air or... 
This beautiful track '
The next stop in our Trance Journey takes us to 
FYI watch out for Tiga Vs 
Make this your most memorable holiday season yet with rich colors and textures for festive evenings 
Spread cheer with the new sequined cross-body bag. Who are you shopping for this holiday season? 
Dramatic lengths or sparkly sequins? We've got the perfect LBD for your best holiday yet 
Sweaters so good you'll wish you were your own Secret Santa. 
Our first Holiday look is now live on the blog! 
RT if you're broke & want free makeup! I'll surprise DM people with e-gift cards
RT TO WIN: FENTY BEAUTY STUNNA
RT TO WIN: KYLIE COSMETICS LIPKIT VAULT
SIGN UP WITH MY LINK: 
Giving away my Kylie Vault, make sure to have my notifications on so you don't miss it!
Turn our Notifications ON if you love our Tweets/Guides/Giveaways and for more! 
Caramel, Tangerine, Currant 
 is officially SOLD OUT!! 
excited to announce that Philly's own Stealing From Thieves will join The Score at Trocadero Balcony on Dec 10!  
Looking for a gift for your favorite drummer? Check out our web store for some bomb merch
A tour we’re amped for: 
Good morning I’m crying to 
Got a short & sweet piece on 
!!!!! SUPER excited
Playing the Hum Series at Brooklyn Bazaar with Maia Friedman of Uni Ika Ai & Hannah Epperson at 7:30 tonight 
The Crickets release tour continues next week 
Magic Carpet is happening! 
Happy Shakedown Saturday Deadheads 
Almost that time..... kgarea21 
Happy Monday! We're over a month away but it's never too early to start planning for the holidays 
Hey guys! My mom started her own Yoga practice called Yogiando NYC. She teaches in English and Spanish every Saturday and Monday in Washington Heights. Classes are only $10, dm me for more information! Please RT
Just got word that I will be officially showcasing at 
Hope to see all you mystical people on Monday 10/23!Show  starts at 
Looking forward to Oct 23rd 
Had a wonderful interview with newcommute  for the release of WILD HEART     
The record release show for WILD HEART is right around the corner
The record release show for WILD HEART is just around the corner
Happy to be home sweet home with these two wonderful gals! 
Hash and eggs before we hit the road for 
I have a new video out with the homies in Copenhagen, BLVK IRIS and Jeuru 
 Teaser Alert!!!
R E C A P Give thanks Open Ear Acoustic 
 Thanksgiving Bash is going down tonight at 
Love it when I run into this guy! 
The calm before the storm. 
An exclusive look backstage at MALPASO Dance Company. 
Here’s what I learned living abroad alone 
One of my focus list kids got the best test result in his class 
I have spent the morning decorating my windows for 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
Christmas magic with Mini Moet 
My debut London headline show at 
And for our next instalment of This Heart tour, I'm heading early to magic Dingle 
New Post: Christmas Gift Guide - Food & Drink 
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success 
Be-you-tiful, be kind, believe in yourself, be true and always remember, there is only one you! 
On Wednesday 6th we are open from 0600 - 21:00 for public swimming, please do join us for mince pies, mulled wine, Santa, and a bbq at our 1st ever light switch from 4pm.  Merry Christmas everyone! 
Jump aboard a high-flying, magical carpet with Aladdin. Coming to 
See who gets to take home one of these bad boys at the 
Saturday October 21st! Amazing show that benefits Lambert House in Seattle! Opening for 
European tour dates for November and December! Lucky to be opening some shows for 
MY BEAUTIFUL BB's!!!! If you love amazing music.... listen to this track by 
Thank you Tim Hicks for surprising the Plymouth 5/6 class and inspiring us to reach for the stars
Who ready to DIP on 2017?... 
Kicking off with the Catherine in navy! Plus free shipping and free returns 
Kicking off with the Leslie in cognac! Plus free shipping and free returns 
A true delight to host the wonderful 
Tonight we have not ONE but TWO incredible Sci Fi & Fantasy events taking place, with 
The Presidents Gardens is "an affirmation of the importance of friendship amid oppression" 
cannot even explain how proud I am after seeing 
It's tonight! Grab your tix for the last Metropolis Rising of the year - it'll be a great one! 
Give a listen to our Weekly Discovery playlist on Spotify! This week, it features cool artists such as 
Make sure to grab your free tickets for Metropolis Rising at 
Calling all bands and artists! We've got some great Apply to Play opportunities over on our website including 
New pic & signed lithograph! 
SOUTHEND!! See you in a couple of hours
 is a new gig night in Manchester which will start at 
Join me and Producer Emma for the latest news just after 7am 
HOWLIN IS OFFICIALLY OUT EVERYWHERE!!! 
My other half was missing but was there in spirit! Today was so special 
Our GoFundMe page is now live - thanks everyone for your support so far! 
We spotted something magical above Latitude 2017, who's ready for a game of 'I spy...'? 
The beauty! Get into our December issue of ELLE, starring 
We have your December horoscope right here: the creative forces are in your favor. Use the forces within, ignore whether or not pesky Mercury is in retrograde, and create a design that the stars themselves couldn't have predicted. 
  Only 6 months until the 10th anniversary of 
Once again, light of my days 
shop all originals that Zara ripped off here
If you joined the AOI recently you'll be getting these 
Twinkling behind the facade don’t miss our store 
Once upon a time at Christmas in our Chislehurst boutique 
Thanks so much to all who've given such lovely feedback after buying my framed prints! All of my designs begin as individual 
We look forward to seeing you! 
We specialise in lactic acid peels to get you the best results with no downtime 
On the hunt for some Christmas treats and gifts?! Pop to our bottle shop on Walcot Street to try spark some inspiration... 
Capturing the last glimmer of summer with our new packaging
It's not about doing more. It's about doing more of what matters. Simplify to amplify 
McVitie's Gold Bar 
**Winner**Veena Venkat congratulations! You are the winner on day 2! A foil 
Does a bottle of Bill's gin sound like jingle bells to your ears? Comment below with a screenshot of the lyric we've changed and 
DURHAM: We're giving away 
And off we go! Road trip time, my ride for the weekend courtesy of 
Eat sapphires for breakfast and sparkle all day 
So thrilled to be featured twice on 
The new face of Gazelli House 
A great evening to attend the launch of the 
Want to join our radiant shop team? 
RESULTS: Brighter, smoother, uplifted eyes 
Having a blast on set today with 
Holiday must-haves! Get over to the CV HQ until 5pm! 2828 Newell St. 
These mini skin-perfecting sticks are the best gift ever! Get your limited-edition kit now through the holidays 
The Glitter Glaze Quad is needed this holiday season 
Today, all that glitters is *good*. Our friends at 
O-M-G by Giuliana Boots! It’s my foray into footwear and I am launching with this amazing velvet boot with a hot glitter heel 
and... at the end of the day, your feet should be dirty, your hair messy & your eyes sparkling
Let the holiday looks continue!! 
Eeekkk!! It’s CYBER MONDAY!!! 
May the Fourth Be Wookie!! Special Game Show tonight followed by Improvised Star Wars and Open Jam! 
Had such a great time at the Harry Potter concert with 
First Time Seeing A Poster W My Name On It 
So happy to announce I'll be on the cover of the new 
Y'ALL I GOT INTERVIEWED BY 
Ricotta toast at the new Juniper Table restaurant in the Kimpton Rowan Palm Springs 
A glitter minaudière – the perfect accessory for a night on the town.
The statement boot of your dreams is now in Town. 
Outdoors, nature & leadership Camp for elementary students. "The future looks a whole lot BRIGHTER" 
...EVERYTHING is subject to CHANGE, including YOU!.. 
We've officially announced our next show! You don't want to miss this revival! 
Why slide when you can fly? 
THE NEW WEBSITE IS  L I V E 
Excusing the husky voice (I was in the middle of an allergic reaction... thanks to my cat for touching my face) but I did my second ever podcast on Mental Health and Bullying - find it here 
Last authority meeting today. Brilliant input from S.Cushley. S'berry tarts were good too! 
Hope you ate enough turkey the last two days, cuz we’re still going ham on our Black Friday sale!
Shine bright on your flight with new jewelry from 
1st Team All-Conference Linebacker As A Freshman...
Don't miss out on Cyber Week deals! 
Don't forget the kids on your list! 
All you really need is a cup of hot chocolate, great company & the Jasper night sky. 
Happy December! Check out what’s in store this month at the Beacon! 
Do you want to experience an exhilarating, adventurous, and one of the most memorable trips of your life? If you're ready for the race of a lifetime apply to 
Build custom themes for allllll of your favorite sites. 
Learn to make beautiful slides in minutes 
It's glitter overload! Prepare to be mesmerized as you watch how we make our new Twilight Sparkle Jars. 
Have you spotted us yet? 
What's your Christmas (s)wish? Ours is to brighten your night 
Help Lilly Singh empower girls with education. 
 Main Floor - 6:30pm That’s Awkward! Variety Show // Downstairs Lounge - 10pm Konkrate Jungle 
IT’S THAT TIME OF THE YEAR! 
Happy holidays from Santa, Mimi and me 
together we brought melodrama to life and threw her the dishevelled debutante’s ball of a lifetime 
Vale, belly button ring. Whenever I see a star sparkle I'll remember you 
58 FULL SHOWS this year, been keeping up with every single one of these as it went, we love a legend 
purchase/stream the grammy nominated album ‘melodrama’ 
 Major instant gratification with our Polaroid OneStep 2 
Rise and {SHINE} Tigers!! It's GAME DAY!!
Be who you are, love what you do. It’s something no one else can do for you. 
As we get ready for tonight’s 
Wikwemikong - we'll see you soon! 
Come & conjure a spell or two with us... THE CRAFT  Tonight Movie + Swim RSVP: 
It was so fun! What an experience 
 throughly enjoyed watching the cool badass brash 
Happy Diwali to my extended Twitter family!! Love , Light and Gods Blessings to all 
Festive concerts are dashing out fast!
Serving you with something super magical to feed your soul..
Something special tomorrow! Stay tuned. 
Thank you Chicago, 26.11.2017, The self-titled tour 
Been creating some magic with @katren_sudek on the Greek islands 
Here it is... the shortlist for 2017 Evening Standard Theatre Awards 
Zendaya, Ruth Negga and Sarah Burton will be at tonight's star-studded 
Beads, shells, leaf motifs, natural materials define this season’s jewellery. It’s time to experiment with new forms 
YES! Just announced... the late night soulful sounds of 
Yule is coming to our neighbourhood! This will be delightful 
Because when you stop and look around 
Join us in Miami next week for 
End of Year Men's Rankings
Great track - congratulations! 
Mulled apple & first look 
No need to chase the Northern Lights when you stay here 
LAUNCHING RASCALS EIIS INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY!
Cyber Monday sale is LIVE! 25% Off + Free Shipping online 
We have been nominated for Best Craft Beer Experience in this evenings awards 
She's all fur coat & no knickers! 
 TRINITY MED DAY 2017 
Last night's audience couldn't get enough of our amazing panel! 
The more misfits, the merrier 
 our next home tour is at the iconic home of architect Richard Holden and… 
no but really. Isn't it beautiful? 
What a gift it is to have narrated two of the 
Macro friendly snacks you can grab from your Tesco?! 
Every Monday we've decided to promote bloggers who we feel deserve more recognition using the 
I’ve fake tanned, the Christmas candles are lit and now it’s time for wrapping some presents and catching up on tv 
come on down this weekend, we got a load lotta goodies for you 
Also, our first ever XMAS CRAFT MARKET right here in the cafe with things made by The Fields family! Happening next week December 7th & 8th from 5 till 8pm 
A new blog post has just went up, and it's all about my new holy grail foundation by Rimmel - make sure you check it out! 
Have you ever found yourself needing business advice? Pricing making your head spin? Are you seeing numbers in your sleep? When you're a member of the AOI you can come to us with your questions and sleep sound
NEW - Chossing The Wedding Rings 
 5 MINI GOALS FOR DECEMBER - 
A Few Loves This November 
Last few days to win this beauty bundle!
Luscious, sweet and creamy, our mango puddings are made with juicy ripe mangoes and is a great and refreshing way to end your meal. 
Our BLACK FRIDAY 48 hour sale starts tomorrow 10AM! Get 50% off Shikumen Vouchers. 100 Vouchers available! 
@eastlondonofferOur BLACK FRIDAY 48 hour sale starts on 23rd 10AM! Get 50% off Shikumen Vouchers and enjoy you meal. 100 Vouchers available! 
NEW COMP ALERT!
From everyone here at Candlelighters, we would like to wish all our families attending the Christmas Party today a very magical day! 
Producers rehearsals- full our show girl sass 
Wide games and glow sticks to end a fab term at 
December 1st had got us feeling very festive at 
 Drum roll please.... Our Film of Fortune totaliser is climbing closer to the top. 
Had such an amazing day today working at 
Let your soul sing this Christmas at 
Tune in for one night only! Don't miss 
Getting Saturday night ready backstage at 
We’ve been nominated for the BEST NEW CAST RECORDING at the 2018 
It's a dream come true to welcome our new Deena Jones 
Whose ready for miss dance and dance master UK finals? We are 
 wall art in studio 2 
Lots of new students these last few weeks ! Welcome to team MB!! 
Spirit of Boom shines on show at Eureka today 
Eureka Stallion Parade today 
Sometimes you need to get off the beaten track and find your own adventure! 
Sometimes you just have to sit back, relax and take in the view 
Sparkle in our Tilly embellished party dress, as seen on 
Citizens! Tickets are now on sale for 
It’s tempting to spend all of Christmas in pjs, but plans and social etiquette (yawn) demand otherwise. If you didn’t shimmer, was it even Christmas? 
Follow the call of the disco ball 
When it comes to the festive season, there's no such thing as too much sparkle... 
The masterclass has begun! We cannot wait to share all of our inside information 
Treat yourself to £100 off when you spend £500 or more with us this weekend 
Give your sitting room some Christmas sparkle with our tonal sequined cushions 
Beautifully handmade from brass and finished in brushed gold and silver, our new artisan cutlery collection will wow at any festive feast 
 has well and truly arrived arrived in our Bath store! Visit us all weekend to enjoy 20% off everything 
Brilliant day in our Development Kitchen last week 
Do your laundry anywhere, anytime with Smart ThinQ™ 
Can you hear the bells? 
SEATTLE i’m playing the gorgeous st. mark’s cathedral with 
 Tickets are now officially on sale! Click  the ticket link on our website here and it will direct you to the...
We are officially the place to visit for ice cream on Visit Britain Tourism website 
Our brilliant youth theatre are entertaining the masses 
Tonight! The opening of the new Alina Szapocznikow exhibition AND the launch of the new cafe! Head down from 7pm 
Gift the gift of wonder this Christmas! Let a loved one enjoy free and £7 tickets for our events all year round plus a host of amazing offers and invitations to special events 
Get cozy with us tonight 
ALRIGHT it’s time to be AMAZING! Take a look at what you can expect on an all new series of 
 It’s officially mid-November and it’s officially time for festive drinking (but no Jingle Bells until 1 December obvs) 
Friends that rave together, stay together! 
Shimmy, shimmy, sparkle and shine! 
Holographic pink fairy powers 
Today’s the day food lovers! Our Festive Feastival from 10am - can’t wait to see you all!!! 
Do you want Ice with that? Stepping out of 
Add a little holiday sparkle to your life! 
Gotta be quick to keep up with the Gift Blitz!
Reflections and rings that slightly bling 
Celebrating the shining, shimmering, splendid 25th anniversary of 
To celebrate the 150th birthday of Marie Curie, 
I'm honored to be teaming up with 
Thanks for including us, 
ICYMI: Seamlessly switch between Animoto Marketing styles. 
10/20/93 A Star Was Born 
Hey Friends, I am going to 
Create client side bundles with 
It’s the last Sheffield JS of the year on Thursday, come and see the superb 
“The best way to deal with failure is to experience it.” - very inspirational evening spent at 
Everything is back online! Go go go 
Last talk on the *GRAND stack* is about to start! 
 Happy Holidays! Saint Nick is back & has a message for YOU! Get 
