Always babes. Your sets in Sydney last year changed my life and I can’t wait to see you in 2018 
D-3 to become an inspiring storyteller ! Your mission : reveal untold stories & touch our 
$5 short sleeve and $10 long sleeve shirts still up on our merch site. We shipped out our first round of orders today! Thanks to everyone who has picked something up thus far 
lil peep was so fucking special and kind but very clearly struggling. talk to your loved ones. have difficult conversations. try and help them to help themselves. look after yourselves today and always.
 announced my pre-order campaign and the launch of my music video today! I
My Dad, Uncle lettsdon and Cousin 
As promised, 5th anniversary details cometh!! On Friday, Nov 24, we are offering $5 pints alllll day AND a German Chocolate Cake Stout served with Salted Caramel 
Good to start early and also model good behaviour! We need more places to be family friendly! 
Annie Begay. One of our young bright Diné leaders. 
Enjoy every. little. moment. It’s yours 
 is the most supportive college going, big love to you all 
also, a massive thank u to these gorgeous teen powerhouses from the Aorere College choir - have been a fan since i was at school & knew they would beautifully anchor this hometown performance of GL 
Autumn carpet, Dartmoor style 
Lots of love to all of the Inspirals family today and always xxx 
WHAT A YEAR SO FAR! Big love to every single one of you
So proud of you and all the success you have gained! You deserve all of it and more!! Keep killing it 32 
Find a guy who looks at you the way 
Please join us on Monday to help & support the victims of the Las Vegas tragedy 
Go see my sis OK!!! 
Tried a fun emoji target station today.  Kids 
 always & forever imaginative 
Gotta big up the whole 
"Thus with a kiss I die..." 
 who's watching ms Janet fraiser tonight at 9pm same channel
Let's create change for Young Carers 
Wow! Look at the Light Vessel 
We took a little trip to Stoke on Wednesday to find our new home!
Oooh la la! Just got my gorgeous 
Early morning thought : When we control people, we are robbing them and ourselves of natural victories and setbacks in life. We want them to do things "our way" but are we truly sure that "our way" is the best? 
It's damp n chilly isn't it? We're collecting warm things for those on the cold streets this winter. Add to 
Posting pictures of People throughout this Thanksgiving Week that I am thankful for. I will post an all inclusive list just in case "you", yes "you" don't make the list! 
Just watched this, very cool, very inspirational, very challenging too. 
Coming to you, sometime in December! Thank you 
 Join the Love Revolution and let’s celebrate, so we can do something together for a better world! 
Very sad to be leaving Mexico 
Good season brothers some of us Wont suit up again some will be chase your dream always love all  yall 
I'm so sorry for your loss. Hope he's at a better place now looking above you and smiling 
Ahh hooray Australia!!!!!!! 
How cool is this?! Just in time for the holidays and you're helping 
MEGA MEGA MEGA closing for 
I can NEVER EVER get tired of your voice/songs! Love, love youuuu 
Much love Indigenous song warrior woman! 
My top three Thanksgiving tips for a successful meal: 1) Start prepping Monday! Chop veggies, make pie crust, chop nuts, anything that can be done ahead. 2) Watch Godfather as you prep/cook. This is essential. 3.) Don't stress. Family will remember the good times most of all.
I voted because she's a best friend of KF 
Daddy’s coming home... 
A local share from our friends at Market Mafia
We’re looking at examples of love and we 
On average, 12 UK men a day commit suicide. These 12 men want to stop that. Proud my twin brother James is one of them.
Day 1 and it's the amazing 
I’ve just taken like 2 pictures of London but I’m totally in love with this city
 So excited I got to order these two shadows!!!! My cats are rescues so im excited im helpung out the animals! 
Who's still up?! 
 lunch thank you @irishtimesales 
Happy birthday to one of my favourite people on the planet 
Just get me to Pipes next Saturday with my gals 
Happy 1st Birthday to ‘This Light I Hold’ 
This collab will be absolutely unreal.. so looking forward to this 1 guys 
Gosh… Just watched tonight’s heartbreaking 
IF YOU LOVE MONDAYS 
When you get to work with some really cool people 
new song One Thing out now on 
Care experienced young people NEED a LIFETIME of EQUALITY, RESPECT and LOVE
We are delighted to have raised such an amazing of money in 5 months. We are looking forward to the next milestone! 
Song projected on a oonchi building 
Send your Cvs over to Amsterdamcareers@sushisamba.com or PVM me 
now i've got 280 chars, shout out to 
Even if have different skin colours, you showed us that feeling of love, friendship, respect is something unique. 
Anyone can build a house but only love can build a home. 
These words mean a lot to me, because they come from my team 
At Smith's, our team is our family. We'll be closing at 4 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day so that our Smith's family can spend time with their own families and loved ones. We wish a very happy holiday and a delicious meal to all of our shoppers! 
playing at dbd tonight alongside 
Enter for a chance to SAVE 100% off your purchase! Simply LIKE, RETWEET and Follow us to be entered 
Everything is falling apart, and nowhere feels safe (as if it ever did), but there's a white hot fire burning beneath it all and I still still still believe that it is Good to be alive. 
Thank you so much babe! 
My bro Kobe!
Official Acoustic Video Of Safe and Sound on YouTube on my new 
Over 15yrs ago I listened to my first punk band & fell in love with everything about it & the culture that came with it. Punk & 
The season of giving is a perfect time to support 
Three years ago today 
The Pony Express With Vera 
We're celebrating 11 years of bringing good music to good people this Feb 16th at 
I love taking pictures they don't know about 
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
Sometimes it's Fun to remind people how Much we LOVE
This book!! 
Thank you so much! I believe there are great men out there! 
This is the greatest thing I've seen in awhile. I 
I'm left handed, but there's a good reason why I don't work from top-right to bottom-left. And that is because I am an idiot 
What does your festival horoscope say about you?READING crew 
 - Obiora Maludum, M.D., Cardiology Fellow 
Early Morning Harvest........ 
Two show day in this gorgeous setting. thursford_ 
Prater, we LOVE YOU! 
I couldn’t dream of having a better, more supportive team of brothers and coaching staff. Thank you WBHS
Thank you to our amazing volunteers who helped make this event possible! Seriously, we couldn’t do this without you! 
A very special Thank You to the staff & pupils at 
Stacey is a sweet natured lass in rescue in 
Thank you for standing in the cold in Buffalo so I could have lyrics in your handwriting. No words could explain how happy I am. Thanks for being my biggest inspiration. 
The Crown of My Cakes Closest to My Heart
Feeling thankful today for all 1.7 million of your streams on Eden. Thanks for making my dreams come true. 
Whenever I hear “Don’t let me down” on the radio I think of 
From musical “Waitress” which I need to see now. Bravo!  
 YES YES YES. LOVE IS LOVE. 
Just got the book. I was floored to see 
Everyone, I can't tell you how excited I am!!!!!! 
What you doing tonight? Cancel it. See ya in All Hallows’ 
The biggest of THANK YOU's to everyone who came by today! We raised aN INCREDIBLE £5,400 for the We
Celebrating Roxy with Chet and Elvis. Happy birthday, our beautiful Marriage.  
 When she ran out of gas on the side of the road, this homeless man told her to stay in her car to be safe, then spent his last $20 on a gas can full of gas for her. Now she's paying it forward: 
New for 2017. Try our delicious 
Another Date for your diary! ........Croftfest 30th September 2017!!! 
Here is another extremely worthwhile cause that we've supported thanks to YOUR fundraising! 
THE SHINE!!! 
Salt Lake city is officially on my never ending travel bucket list after the new 
My awesome studio buddies 
This time I did a realistic drawing for 
Huge bummer but I am massively grateful that we were able to be a part of the tour for 4 years. RIP warped, forever in my heart 
Having F.U.N. with our new photo wall designed by 
Great curation of musical family 
This year began with my dad mentally suffering depression and suicide attempt. Today he ends the year starting his new career in becoming a recovery support worker.  Words can’t describe how proud we are 
Hi twitter friends. I made a gofundme to try and raise funds for my family to help with expenses from my mom's sudden passing. The campaign is found at 
whoever was talking to my mum about me today, big up 
FOLLOW ME please, this is very important to me, i will be happier, i love you baby 
Last night....
Today is the official release date of my Raincoats book. Thank you to all of my friends who offered feedback & encouragement 
Love the new one bois 
BEYOND EXCITED! Front row VIP 4 me & 
Confident women don’t hate 
Pls all friends family & supporters click the pre-order link now & download 2017 Christmas Number 1
Yesterday was my birthday!!! And I got this cool thing
 GAMEDAY IN THE VILLE @ 7 
Lol. Sometimes I say insightful things. Thx for listening 
1 yr ago, 
Congrats to all my fellow nominees (and friends) 
Anybody who has a love for sheffield ought to read this . Brilliant article. Bursting with passion about the music scene here 
You’re a legend Miss D. Congrats on 30 rocking years of T’Pau! 
In Year 9 or 10 in Sept? 
LAY IT ON ME. Track 2 - Whole Heart 
well written wonderful love story 
Heard the sad news of a dear colleague 's departure & a truly dear friend, possibly the most loved italien man in the country by his team-the nation
A good Christmas Dinner/day can be the difference to a whole life if you are from a a traumatic childhood. Please give 
So much love for this girl!!! Beyond thankful to get to cheer next to her the entire game yesterday.
 was today in TLH where all 5 branches of the US Military were recognized & honored by our community. Thank you for your service! 
Delighted to see another great turn out for 
Here’s to this hero Jack. 
Happy record release day, 
A humongous thanx 2 
My family! Love you guys 
To improve the overall experience for guests,Managers need a little pamper time too! 
Found my table for the Digital workshops at the Gathering! 
:Dec. 9,8/7c Trending 4 
 Sound for filling me message box with your Insta story and playing my Boyz ii men remix in the car 
Thankfulness is the beginning of gratitude. Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness.Thankfulness may consist merely of words. Gratitude is shown in acts
IVE BEEN ON TOUR 136 DAYS. comes to an end tomorrow for 2017. WHAT A YEAR 
Definitely go and read the work of the talented poets that share the honor with her this year - 
We still can't get over how amazing last Saturday was with Amelie Lens! 
Happy St Patrick's day from Tenerife,   
  happy birthday my man! Can't wait to make some more memories this season
 I know it a little late but wanted to say to you thank you for your service in the military and all military service members that are now serving and that did serve in the military.   Thank you thank you 
Three are mine, three could be yours. 
A very beautiful morning to everyone from CHINA, 
congrats T! i’m so proud of you!!! 
A documentary on the making of the 'No' series. Thank you 
The Mountain was out earlier this morning, but just barely! And just the lower half. 
Beautiful inclusive books in your library 
HRF components - strength/flexibility/endurance - choose your workouts - 1 for each area 
My children and me - their refugee dad - can live TOGETHER in this country because of programs like DACA. These things matter. Immensely. 
We’re married!! Thank you to our amazing family and friends for an unforgettable night
An absolute pleasure performing in the London's West End Phoenix Theatre. Amazing cast, crew and audiences. Thank you so much! 
Please watch this extremely touching video about 
Don’t think I’ve said yet today how much I loved DISTURBED GIRL’S DICTIONARY by 
I’m admitting it, love 
A fantastic Sunshine Coach, provided by 
And with each tweet I realize how 
My baby Niece all the way from Australia, No 1 supporter for Brentford 
Bring these with you today pleeeeease! See you soon! 
Fall in love w/ Relationship Status all over again. Season 2 premieres TOMORROW! 
Still buzzin from my show last night... I want to thank all of you for an amazing summertour!! Love, Dyna
So great to see you buddy! Thanks for stopping by! Love what you’re doing and will proudly promote Cuvee when folks are heading to Austin
Wow! Thank u Viv Harrison! 
If you were interested in reading my interview with 
Last few giggles with the Australia bound 
Our brother needs our help.Please read, share, send your donations & best thoughts.
Bryan Murray made Ottawa our home for the past 6 years, I'm very grateful for him-simply put he was a good man. Sending love to his family
NEW SCHEDULE : 2PM (MT) Everyday! (Going to try this out for a while to see how it works, if i'm unable to stream that day or if i'm going to stream earlier/later I will let you all know via tweet and discord) 
Happy Birthday Haley love you 
Awwwwww!!!! I 
 for helping us make our show! We 
A lovely time meeting with anti-racist activists in Utah. Thanks to all of you for the important work you do. 
Why is @iamkelis so bomb tho 
We are taking online orders for 
I love you guys. 
Few shots from korsakovdnb last weekend 
Man Without Country x White Sea x Sebastien 
4th foldout US cover with these beautiful babes from 
Thank you! Won’t forget that day 
Thanks :) Appreciate the feedback!!
A Revolution of Tenderness is what’s happening - who’s with me!?
Oh good. Was already faint and now my train is without aircon and is 10 mins late so stuffed full of people. If I don’t live, I love you 
With respect, honor, and gratitude. 
This. Post. THIS is why I am so very honored and humbled to be able to call Megan my friend. One of THE strongest people I know.
atdimusic tonight killing all my favourite teen tracks... 
Hooray!!!....a session on the London Underground 
When we have 5 former POTUS uniting because there is no 
Thanks sweet_meeat for this amazing piece of art. Obviously I'm Soren through the skies 
Mahoosive CONGRATUALTIONS to my super amazingly talented friend 
I've never met anyone as strong as my 
Love always , the fans of this city are amazing , the future is great....
So very proud of Nipissing’s own 
Sorry for the wait everyone, we promise things are coming VERY soon
SO EXCITED AND INCREDIBLY PROUD OF YOU 
 Well done! It has such a beautiful evening. 
Happy birthday to my brother! I wouldn’t have wanted to grow up with anybody else! Love you brother! 
Little big hearted volunteers serving lunch at Glide Church for pre thanksgiving lunch!
Black Forest cakes for the case today....OPEN 9-4 today on Commercial Drive!
#9 in our 'Things we LOVE about Christmas' countdown 
5,000 people in Eugene, Oregon last night. Thanks for the memories. 
“I acquired this beauty the other day
A legendary night and many more to come 
CONGRATS AUSTRALIA!! 
Thanksgiving is right around the corner and 
HONESTLY KNOW PPL Will 
I love the people I work with! 
Thank you so much to the lovely audience last night and the fact that people keep coming back to see it and bringing their friends. I cant tell you how much that warms my heart. 
Sharing the love is what it’s all about! I appreciate the retweet! 
Check out today's guest blog from the deliciously delightful 
The office for another day 
Thank you a billion times! Can't wait to see Eli Young Band next week
The first cigar of the day is always the best 
"Please don't push your vegetable agenda on me! " 
The full version of Yazoo's 2017 "Only You" as heard in the 
There's nothing we love more than hooking up with our great sponsors at our shows. We LOVED seeing you all last weekend 
Keep an eye out for our cheeky debut in tomorrow's 
Happy Children’s Day Reha & All the Children
Thanks for the love on 'Doubt House' 
Ok gals who wants to shred for us on moaning Lisa smile at ally pally? Send us ur vids with rhythm n the solo to wolfaliceband@gmail.com 
The pleasure was all ours Julie....what a delightful couple and what a wonderful love story. As the young ones say....
Can't count how many Asian teens who have come up to me at signings and said some variation of: "I didn't know we could be writers too."We can. YOU can. 
Happy Anniversary!!!! 
Christmas at the Lied Center on Dec 21st 
This is why we love football. Widnes lead 3-1 against Padiham until this happens in the final minute of play.. 
only one link for that ticket itch: 
Happy birthday brunch my beautiful Malena 
Enjoy this old track I helped produce for a cozy tape 
We’ve add loads more 
There’s so much to celebrate in life!!! 
Everyone at Mayhew has been decking our halls with festivities ready for our 
The Gordon family was in the holiday spirit tonight at a charity event for 
Had a wee look at some of our stats yest...
We want to say a massive Mayhew THANK YOU to the wonderful people at 
 at the New York Athletic Club remembering and honoring our veterans. Thank you to those who have served and thank you to those who are currently serving 
Happy Sunday!! Our Beach Basket sale ends tomorrow so make sure and get your order in today for 15% off! Photos via 
Are you going to @Vevolution_festival this Sat? We can't wait!
Great meeting at the Redland Hub tonight. Thanks all who attended - exciting times ahead! 
TODAY is Children's Grief Awareness Day! Stop by any of Misha's locations today (11/16) and pick up a chocolate mini cupcake to support the CBC! All proceeds from the chocolate minis sales will be donated to the Children’s Bereavement Center 
 Wow....simply wow! To everyone involved.....Thank you 
Happy birthday kevperez !! Have a good day homie! Thanks for everything 
SO happy to be able to share this news. Keeping quiet has been tough!! 
If I kiss you where it's sore, will you feel better? Will you feel anything at all? - 
Here is 10 things you didn’t know about the very talented 
Manchester has changed forever. 
Just speaking to my Mum. She said:'That Just a Card campaign thing you're up to Dear - it's top of my google....You were never one to keep quiet  - even at junior school.....'Ha - Bless Her - 
Australia said Yes and I got to meet 
This happened yesterday at Brixton 02 Academy 5,500 people .. London hometown 
 A true gem of a man.
First look using the new Toasted Palette from Tarte and I love It! 
I think teaching is in her future! 
Alumni Natalie Bennyworth ex jazz company and Seedtimer 
Being so far away from the U.K. is strange and the time difference is weird! Nevertheless, I’m having such a wonderful time in Singapore with my 
Awesome job by our Jr. Boys team for winning the Wal-Mart Meet today! 
This Monday at 18:00 the official videoclip for 'Out of the Dark' will be online! Who is ready?
A well attended PTO means services to children, community support, and lots of 
Thanks Kate, love my new headshots! 
20 BONUS TOKENS IN TODAY'S CHRONICLE! 
Too many people chase a lifestyle to fulfill their insecurities instead of their passions. Be you...you are enough. 
I barely have strength to do this now.. Tomorrow.. well..For EVERYONE who is suffering Mental Health for whatever reason REACH OUT
Where's all my voters this week on 
We had THE best time! Thank you!! 
And It Is 6 Million & Counting !Magical What,When You Both Dazzle Us & Clinch Our Hearts Away
I know I’m late but..thank you KYA for five years of intense debates, $4 smoothies, and wonderful friendships
I am in love with the Prescription Wine Glass from 
Introducing the Monster Maker where you can make your very own furry friend! 
Weetamix Ginevra Swiss yesterday was great! I hope to come back soon 
Beautiful faces as far as the eye can see! Thank you to 
Excited to play opposite the divine duo of 
This bromance is melting my heart 
"dames en heren, we komen aan in Luik guillemins" sometimes even the dirtiest language in world sounds good 
Thanks Elle!! Wouldn't want to be weird with anyone else!! Love ya cheetah
So so happy for one of my closest friends in the sport! All of the last few weeks have paid off and I am incredibly proud of you 
I can’t explain how much I’m grateful for the ability to transform my emotions to melody and song. Mate. 
 Vice Lipstick in Disturbed is perfect for Fall 
Most of our installs have been to fully paying customers, they donated the full price of the job to children’s cancer charity candlelighters 
Thank you to all our parent volunteers! You are the 
Watching the sunrise over this beautiful city is still my favourite thing to do 
A few of your photos out on the front from last month. Thank you 
"I hope you don't mind that I put down in wordsHow wonderful life is while you're in the world" Happy Birthday 
Thank you my bro dutt1 for celebrating my bday. Enjoyed it
Loving this version of 'Different To You' from 
My first donation received. Please everyone can u help donate to 
Had so much fun on set this morning with 
I just sold out my hometown show straight away...CRAZY! I love you Trondheim!!! 
Dublin ladies.. it's not too late to get tickets for our  masterclass with the gorgeous 
WOW. This is powerful & important!! 
 are such a bunch of lovely people they have uploaded this smoothie of a remix by 
"If only I follow your heart" 
Talking about // daphnegroeneveld & 
Active furever home needed for our gorgeous 
Thank you soooo much for this interview with my favorit artist
Why leave the pup at home when you can take her with on those around town errands? 
Hillsborough Reading Coach of the Year and Reading Teacher of the Year 
My son Justin Howe, father Bill (
This is crazy:) thank you to everyone who's taken the time to listen
Roll call: RT if your team is heading to a 
With all that is happening in the world at the moment this is a reminder that LOVE still makes everything tolerable. GOD thank u 4 this 
Introducing Mrs George W. Rogers 
Lots of great books up for auction for 
Moschino B-Pocket bag: the newest design from Moschino’s creative director 
Liberation! A week with 
Invited 5 random people to Steve's show during my travel day and they ALL came. That just made my heart grow with even more 
a masterpiece, i'm crying 
Since it's still the 9th in Seattle... 14 years with my wonderful 
Strong effort here from Ross AKA ChipsCheck out our 
Absolutely love the references to the past Doctors in the new Doctors outfit. 
I love you guys thanks for being part of this crazy journey! 
Could watch this over and over again!! Just makes me smile!! 
Exciting day ahead at the showcase,celebrate and share progress event with trainee Nursing Associates across the country. 
Obiora Maludum, M.D., Cardiology Fellow 
Go Red day is coming up February 2! Want something red to wear? Consider donating to the 
Can't believe that the one and only Quintino is taking care of the Spinnin' Sessions Guestmix coming Thursday 
 our Forestbound collection as much as we do? Shop the 
Sending all the best vibes to my #1, 
 takes time and everyone heals at his or her own pace 
Happy birthday @noeleilani 
So proud to call you a friend, 
Found an angel over my shoulder & one in hand 
Happy birthday brother, love you
Maui? Nope. Silverton, Oregon. Its 177ft high an you can walk behind it. I
A much needed restful Sunday... but it was worth every moment of pain. What an adventure. Thank you. To all of you who've messaged & supported 
Meet Jan - this was the very first film I made for 
This is how I felt after getting all ur msgs yesterday for my birthday! 33 years in this world & I feel so grateful everyday for my friends & family that make me feel so loved. Thank you guys too for all your support! Life is good, I’m very blessed. 
 Coolness: Do you Sci-Fi? (Capaldi Tribute) I'm not even halfway into S8 and I was compelled to highlight how Amazing the Monsters/Aliens were for 
Our deepest condolences to the families and friends of the students whose lives have been so tragically lost in Berkeley today. RIP 
London. Last night was something else. So much love to everyone who came out. We
"We must and we will have women leaders among us" 
 stay strong fellow family members, let us know if there's anything we can do to help you in this time of need
A massive PDA of adoration & thanks to the 
So much respect for someone still so young herself 
Have a blessed Sunday everyone 
Schedule your next wine country visit to 
Had a call from this cheeky chap this morning 
Greatest Student Section in WPIAL.. Love Y'all 
One of my faves! It's in my kitchen.
Goodnight festive friends, thanks for making my Monday ever so merry! 
By taking part in high quality music-making for the first time during this study, “shy children have become more confident, language skills have improved, social and emotional interaction has been enhanced.” 
It's that time of the year again to thank you guys, the awesome 
Thanks so much to everyone who helped make last night a smashing success! 
I am so excited and humbled to be featuring in this show. So many of us go missing. Our… 
Such a lovely song! 
Thank you lord Jesus for all the love 
Nothing blooms all year round...be patient with yourself 
In the midst of all this horror there is the beauty that is 
Sending my support and love to former team mate 
We loved our time at Summerfield  iMOM Breakfast this morning! 
Please consider giving to TCC this holiday. They provide wonderful care for amazing children 
The gorgeous ballet slipper orchids steal the show in this masterpiece - can you spot the most perfect heart rose 
what a lovely Sunday fall afternoon in Madison, WI featuring my tendy partner 
Are you ever just so happy that you're stressed out cause you don't know what to do with all the happiness cause that's how I feel rn 
We’re thankful for YOU, Goldnerds! Thanks for being a part of our family! 
Soooo much luv 2 
Tonight, our 2017 Family Storytime Company end their time with us as they present what they have learned throughout the year. 
Cosplay can be anything you want it to be. Hobby? Job? Silly thing you do with friends a few times a year? All totally acceptable and encouraged 
We've gone red for 
Slept for 10 hours last night and it was much needed 
Robyn I love u my queen 
Our favourite Nav Lada (Nine Strand) Necklace 
Doing a Christmas give away 
USE CODE: LUCYMK25 and get 25% off ALL MIKASA BEAUTY PRODUCTS LINK IN MY BIO 
I'm going to DM as many people as I can that tweet my new song 
We Can fix this broken heart in 
Thank you to the Tyson, Brand and Fallis families for their book gift/donation to my classroom. 
We're proud to call 
Hes made a big impression with 
Whew, What a Weekend! Did you enjoy 
Only a heart of stone wouldn't be moved by these photos, the strength, determination and will to live Fernando displays daily should inspire us all 
I’m thrilled to join 
Paul just donated this sweet ride to 
How adorable are these brand new stamps, featuring our favourite bear... Paddington 
I cant wait!!! I have my ticket and its gonna be a long Day i have  8 hours travel or more  for see ya
AGAIN THIS MORNING IM SO GRATEFUL 
Sending free coffee to evacuees & volunteers at the Finley Community Center. 
If y'all even had a clue how much she does for me. Wouldn't be where I am without her 
Long Live Linkin Park. Their legacy is undeniable and last night inspired me so much. Thank you once again my brothers 
Diversity strengthens everything. Sending 
Only a few spaces left please get in touch with 
For real I’ve got some stuff to send y’all rn 
Nobody makes us turn the pages so ruddy swiftly. Edge-of-the-seat guarantee from 
At a time of such division in this country, let us remember that only LOVE will destroy hate and fear. Let us be those beacons of 
AHH THIS IS GONNA BE SO AMAZING I CANNOT WAITTT!!
A big thank you from us to the 
My one true love. Don't trust your heart with anyone, except Ri. 
I'm honoured to be the newest Global Goodwill Ambassador for 
Bday wk been hardcore 2 videos 2 shows powers 
:: So thankful for time with these brilliant Lights. 
OMG. I love 
What a great time in Philly @ National AMLE conf! What a great honor to present and accept an amazing award! 
Mount Kimbie being amazing - Their new album is out next Friday. 
“How can you teach an open heart?” 
A weekend in the NW filled with waves and rainy weather 
WORLD CLUB DOME! 
Almost 3,000 followers!! Who is following my playlist?? 
WEEKEND WATCH: This Saturday sees Michael Mayer return to RM1 alongside Red Axes and Terry Francis 
My Ellie and Lucy! 
One week left to vote & Alison Colmer, our v special club Chairperson, asks that our 
Liverpool fans must have got a real flashback to instanbul 2005 tonight. Nostalgic times 
We don't always have to agree with one another but it's important that we learn to respect each other 
Wow, I won the Jim Diamond Music Award - I’m feeling absolutely ecstatic!!!Huge well done to co winner 
Thank you so much Jim! So excited for opening! 
"I'm coming home, I'm coming home, tell the world I'm coming home!". Thank you 
Please could people vote for my friend. She’s fantastic and an amazing pal of mine. Follow her aswell. You’ll 
When you teach a lesson and students make you artwork about it after 
Man of the match in Rugby now to chill 
Can't wait to play Kremfest tomorrow! Miss U Seattle! 
WE ARE STILL ACCEPTING APPLICANTS! See you later at SU Bldg, 7PM. Contact Aeron at 09359713595 for any inquiries 
shoutouts to mass appeal thank you for having me 
Today ADIAW are out of office - quite literally - as we say a sad goodbye to 
Gonna miss this boy on and off the pitch 
89% of Americans have done something to support a nonprofit this past year –– and many plan to donate for 
Austin! I am in you! And, oh, how I’ve missed you. 
Corey was just late!! 
Y'all, I can't live tweet bc I'm headed to East Coast for turkey timez, but watch tonight's fall finale of 
So....Y am I on Twitter? Simple really.... to interact with similar minded individuals.... but also to acknowledge the hard work and total commitment of our awesome 999 emergency services people  
See ya in 3 days 
Subscribe to my YouTube channel: 
Walking around the west village right now wondering WHEN my favorites 
REPEAT AFTER ME:We Are LoudWe Are Proud 
Happy birthday to the one who always makes me smile! 
Wishing you allWherever you are on Planet Earth A wonderful new week 
can't wait for what's to come 
Now this is how u start a morning 
Thrilled to be the face of GRT Jewellers...Even more so because I've seen boxes from GRT in my grandmothers cupboard as a kid... 
 this! So thrilled to work with 
 the most inspirational&loving chap.missing Flat 13 popcorn nights, "deep breathes"&"gaps,cats&chewing with ur mouth open" Ly
Nothing feels better than a conference win! Would you take a look at these reactions? 
Had an amazing night tonight at 
Up next!! So looking forward to this one- can't wait to meet Kat! 
Huge thank you to everyone who came to see us 
WE MADE IT. It's still Monday. New playlist adds from 
It’s the small things that count this Christmas! 
Love love love is always there 
Duke Delegate André is spreading the 
Happy 3 year anniversary!! 
! Our residents are in full-force for celebrations taking place throughout our network! We 
What a beautiful way to finish the tour - thank you to 
& Susan Richardson strikes a blow 4 democracy & gd sense in 2day's 
I've put yet more UCL Holocaust Beacon School material to be copied & laminated in reprographics for the new Yr 9 SOL. Work in progress. 
I Want To Thank The University of South Carolina For Not Only The Opportunity To Play Football At The Highest Level, But To Be A Gamecock For Life & Earn A Degree From One Of The Best Institutions In The Country I Couldn't Have Asked For A Better 4 Years.. 
Thank you Australia and New Zealand for showing us so much love! So sad we have to leave but we’ll be back 
You & your beautiful family are inspiring for so many reasons. And John-Carl needs to teach me his smile game!!! 
 to strolling around in the Seychelles with my brand new husband 
Great to walk the first few miles with these lovely lads! Only 
WE ARE COMING BACK FOR SEASON 3 YOU SAY?! Yes please nbcthegoodplace 
I realise I'm 20 days late to doing this but I know we can smash it and make a huge difference together 
With the Songwriting Marathon completed a week ago I am staggered by the kindness in the past 7 days! On behalf of myself and 
Thanks to the whole creative team for our recent photo shoot
New date added Saturday 9th December 
I legitimately teared up when I saw 
Being in Malaysia and seeing Christmas adverts!!! 
Thanks so much for the birthday kindness, friends and artists. I’m stunned and beyond grateful every day that my work is interesting to enough folks that I get to explore it. 
It's Out today!! I did my best to give you a musical tale, where the sound is just the invitation, but I'll see you on the inside. 
I’m so glad you enjoyed it. It’s terrifying to think of authors listening to me talk about their book-baby. Best wishes. 
Please help and donate if you can.. 
Friends, the 3rd and final live session from this series is up. Shoulders is about my big bro who's been the dude I've always followed and look'd up to most 
Last 3 Years were nothing less than a bumpy ride but the journey till now wouldn’t have been so much fun without you guys.Thank you so much everyone for having my back and being so supportive 
 - utterly flawless and fabulous at Usher Hall tonight. Pure class 
Thank u SO much 
Thanks Adam but the real star is 
Thank you Significant Other fans! We 
Absolutely brilliant well done guys 
 WAS AMAZING TONIGHT! EVERYTHING I HOPED AND DREAMED 
throwback to SCAD film festival 
Rumpus Original Poetry: Two Poems By Christine No - The 
If you’re in Newcastle tmrw at 11, I’m opening the ice rink with my 
A half year ago I met my Idol and daily inspiration... 
Thank you for the kind offers that we've had ALREADY from around the hockey community! Such immense support like this makes us proud to be part of the 
Tomorrow we’re celebrating our 11th year as the presenting sponsor of the 
Feeling the love... NLC Dawson Creek Campus carpentry students with an I 
Attending the Parliamentary Reception at the House of Commons raising awareness of 
When your students know exactly what you 
Sam Branson about to draw the raffle for 
Love these two together! 
Beautiful season, Lady Lion's!  Thanks for playing with heart every game!
A love story that everyone could relate to - via 
The Angel of Mercy, Joseph Highmore, 1746
Click link in bio!!! And 
WEEKEND IS HERE BABY 
Th'lump is my day 3 inktober inspiration 
Let the love light shine... Thanks to NYC family for donating nearly 5k for PR yesterday!!! We will match & donate 10k to 
Win an overnight for two including breakfast 
“Love is a masterpiece” - 
Hey! Hope everyone's doing ok. Just finishing up for final video of the year for the VW Racing Cup and I'll be back with the YT vids soon 
 West coast girl waiting for east coast winter, I am ready for all you have to offer........… 
Yesssssss, gonna be HUGE 
 is out NOW ahhh go cop it
Are you registered for our 5K Fun(d) Run? Bring your pet OR run w/ an adoptable shelter dog from 
So long as my family and close ones are good, my job is done. 
A MASSIVE heartfelt thank you to the team, 
Me too...special memories!! 
Thank you for providing such an amazing program today ! Your hard work has not gone unnoticed within the staff of PGCPS 
26 VERSATILE YRS OF AJAY DEVGN
Space, air and emotions in this song and visualisation. 
It’s the little things that make you smile ......
Bristol Gym gets new video score table...thanks SAA & Heron Society!  
I’m always playing with Luna’s curls and tucking her hair behind her ears, so she has started doing it to me too 
sounds like me & my boyfriend 
I’ll miss you too Gemma. Love your style. 
I am so proud of this. It feels so good to finally just listen to what's been in my head, in the works, in a dream... It's all new again! 
My heart shatters for Texas right now prayers for the families and friends who have lost their loved ones 
Cristiano Ronaldo is simply the greatest player of all time. Well done to Olivier Giroud for that amazing goal! 
2/2 for libraries, books & reading shone through her dedication to our students. You will be missed by many, Pat. Thank you. 
Can we talk about my nephew and his high school graduation pic? I’m so proud of him. Also, another nephew 2nd from right. The next generation is strong! 
Kanye’s ‘I feel like that’ reminds me to not be cynical or distrust pure emotional outpour. Life affirming song. 
“gin is life” is a pretty good slogan for our happy hour: 2-4-1 cocktails (not just gin!) 
Tonight!! Finally...they’re here. Can’t wait. For anyone who’s read my book, there’s more than a few Depeche Mode influences but there’s at least 80% of Dave Gahan’s DNA in Gabriel 
Oh gawd....we are going to miss him so much. So much 
THURSDAY! Classic House & Rare Grooves at Break For L
Shout out to our guy Hector. 
ON SOUNDCLOUD NOW! CLOSING PARTY (My Closing Set) Big
 Move It Auditions were amazing tonight! So much talent in 1 room! Very proud of you all! 
Just In: Benefit concert in SF raised $17M for low income victims of 
here what's available in my merch store I kno u guys would look GOOD in it 
Irina likes Clifford! 
I’m saddened to hear of the passing of my friend, Mel Tillis. Sending my love and prayers to his family and friends. There will never be another Mel Tillis!
Love you, Sis! I stand with you 
Another gorgeous print of the lovely 
That time Australia said YES to 
DIY spa time anyone?
EUROPE! All tickets are on sale NOW! Let us know if you've got your tickets already 
This is absolutely lovely. Thank you for putting this out. We all need this 
Beatport Indie Top Ten for how many weeks now? Thank you everybody for your support 
As we prepare to give thanks for our blessings don’t forget the blessing of 
The Bilodeau Family equals LOVE 
This weather geek is so much in love with this Instagram filter 
Hey! Thanks for all of the love capital region! We wouldn't be where we are without the people who believe in us. xoxo 
He was nice to me when it not fashionable to be. He messaged me when some pathetic male comic started a FB thread abusing me. Good guy 
Huge congrats to Mummy, Daddy & Baby Natalia xxx 
Make this a Heritage Moment and a beautiful sport movie about love and hockey and two rival captains finding love and having a baby 
Krissi has finished an advanced cutting course ! Keeping us fresh and keeping our clients up to date and on trend 
Don't forget you need to enter your details again, for the chance to win 
Access us via Whitefriargate or Zebedees Yard 
The yoga scene in Canada is booming! We love 
We extended the date to support 
Some Like it HOT! Chilli & Garlic Seitan Bagel with grilled mushrooms, jalapeño peppers, red onion and hot pepper sauce. 
Braxton received his gift from Jeff Carter & the rest of the LA Kings! Looks like he & his brother are loving all their new Kings gear 
Who’s coming to meet me today at the 
Get well soon! 
A big Happy Birthday to my nephew / Godson shanedoesmyhair today. Love you 
Sneak peek of tonight’s 
Was an extremely enjoyable 2 years living at Club Chandler.To everyone that signed the board and made all of our get-togethers possible, thank you. 
Raz-Kids medal winners for the week!!  Great job Omar and Greidys!! 
Ooohh i love this!!!! I'll Remember This by 
LETS GO PROUD OF YOU BUDDY 
. Catch Fifi’s vid on 
 Raspberry Habanero Jam where have you been all my life! 
Icymi. The boys who hadn’t seen their soldier dad for 4 months get a fantastic surprise in Santa’s grotto 
Celebrating 41 years of marriage with my husband Charlie. Here’s to 41 more years of happiness and fun with you! 
Brilliant to see Islington's newest library taking shape
Absolute craziness...Still on cloud 9. Thank you so much to everyone for the support. Biggest love from the bottom of my heart 
[Happy Birthday Björk! One of a kind. 
my boyfriend and I wear distance bracelets from 
A hard fought battle 
I love it!!!! They did a good job 
We love THE NEW BARKER 
Ellen repping High Expectations and other 
 Elisa & Ehren, W2x Regatta Champions at 
That Sydney and Nell moment 
Met, talked and spent time with kind and inspiring people at 
Thank you Ashley!! Love you 
 best way to end a school day
"LYM" with my G 
Can’t wait to see what y’all are gonna sing. So excited for the album release. See you in Sacramento for the last show in 2018. 
I LOVE teaching BSL as a third language in our school! We have BSL Leaders who receive extra training & deliver lessons to our nursery & all classes every week! We also have a signing choir & work with secondaries & the community to promote BSL
Looking good nephew! Keep it up! 
Sitting at #10 on the popular charts for 
You just got with this????!! It's incredible. I've listened to it start to finish at least 10 times 
HAPPY 21st BIRTHDAY TO THIS CRAZY GIRL THAT I GET TO CALL MY BESTFRIEND
Obviously can't put this one on the real twitter bc my job doesn't know I got arrested butttt 
They are truly everything. 
The just giving page will be up and running as of tonight.. Make sure you share to make a stand 
Here’s a beautiful video of a talented dance group from 
Melbourne, Australia...Thank you for sharing today with us 
AUSTRALIA today is the last day to vote YES for Marriage Equality. please do your part and let us get hitched like the rest of ya 
24th November. Pre-Order here 
 PLEASE CHECK THIS PEOPLE 
Throw an emoji in the comment section if you can't wait to try this collection! Shop it here: 
Great pic from great twins 
Friends please join me in fundraising £500 for the amazing 
See you later at Entablado 7PM!! 
Feeling lucky? Enter our incredible 
YES! We won the Gold UK Independant Italian Restaurant Award! 
One Night @ El Cid 
My team surprised me with a early birthday dinner after a 
45 mins left!!!! phone lines;-  09020 50 51 09Mobile:-6 50 51 09Or APPVOTE NEW GIRL BAND
Headed home after the 6 week 
Brand new updates - 15th NOV.. new music on the list from:
Loved this movie...go and watch it
This brought me to tears... Thanks to my mom for always being there 
So thankful for everyone at MV who went to every game to everyone on the team and everyone who cheered us it’s been so crazy and wild these 4 years and I’m happy to say I
Congrats to the winner of $50 gift card giveaway 
Happs cav!! Hope it was a good day man
Great art supporting a great cause! 
Happy 1st day back to school to my 11th grader 
Today, FOCUS on this amazing French designer Zü ! 
Who's still up! 
Always have so much love for these two, thanks for the 
I was so privileged to have been apart of this production. To have been around such talented performers was a truly knowledgeable and humbling experience! Please click the link for more info 
Buy, share and support. If you love D&B pay homage to one of the best that ever did it! Big up 
Christ is Born!! Merry Christmas, everyone! Have a joyous time celebrating the day! 
You could look as mahvelous if you go 
PART TWO!!!!
Getting Ready for Runes!
Aww love ya sm!!! Thanks dawg 
Andddd a Happy Born day to this wonderful  being 
This is amazing!! Thank you 
Now I know what people mean when they say they "got the feels". Feels like love is still our most precious commodity. 
Thank you James....had a blast! Hats off to you professionals....dancing is SO much harder than you make it look! 
Follow and retweet for a chance to win one of our Vintage Red Britstitch bags. Winner to be announced tomorrow
Sad I didn't get my 
Ready to find out who’ll be hosting our stages this summer?Tomorrow is the day we’ll announce our 2017 hosting partners! Stay tuned 
Can anyone with a heart retweet this boy we are helping fight stage 4 rare cancer 
Wrote an directed this one you guys. Tune in 
3 weeks today I will be seeing this amazing woman!! Playing this on repeat to get me through the afternoon. Thank you 
Just another little sneaky peek for you all! 
Hold my hand ... You&Me 
We are Vegas Strong! 
Tonight we travel to face higher opposition 
Ac un arall - "Jody" - and another! 
Staffy x collie in rescue in 
My new album 'Baralku' is out now! Thank you so much for all your support. Hope you enjoy it 
The best pre-birthday day out exploring with my favourite person 
Heading back to Portland tomorrow. Been a very sad trip but there was a lot of love in all the tears. I’m grateful. Be at peace now Mom. 
 this Christmas and make s big difference 
Hobbs have a fab 20% off everything as part of their 
Mumbai thanku soooo muchhhh hamesha itna pyaar dene ke liye 
 you literally brighten my world with your voice. 
Had such a great time at Minecon Earth meeting some of you guys and hanging out with fans! Thank you 
Happy work anniversary to our fearless SWP publisher! We love working with you 
Love is love. Happy 
My first ever music video is out now for my single Fall Asleep!!! Big up to 
So lovely to come back from a meeting and have breakfast from my sister waiting for me 
New blog is up on my website!I talk about conception after 40 and fertility so it might not be for the faint of 
Just how enchanted does Trakai, Lithuania look? Ultimate 
Happy Founder’s day to the gentlemen of 
Just try not to sob watching these couples recreate their wedding vows, decades later—at the 1:52 mark, you will 100% lose it 
This account turns 2 years old today. I just want to thank anyone who’s ever liked a post of mine. To entertain in this somewhat *unorthodox* way has been an absolute blessing. Extra noggin pats on me today 
It’s here. The conference for us who loves internet. 
Happy Birthday to my amazing grandmother. Wish we could celebrate together 
Just saw Blade Runner 2049. Those colours tho 
Hey, LOST BOY made the final round of the Goodreads Choice Awards in Horror! I’m going to vote for 
Yes Love it!!
You're not like anyone else, so stop trying to be like everyone else. 
Love this picture of me and my latest gadget 
We couldn’t agree more! We 
Big picture with the Dame Allan’s Schools Choir! I used to go there and was a member of the choir when we performed at this venue so this is really special! 
That’s it! The 2nd 
Congrats to one of my oldest friends for committing to play volleyball at USC
Yaaasss!! So so happy that we're gonna have 
Almost the weekend! Almost time for hairshark 
We’ll try harder together! 
Remembrance Parade details in Wotton under Edge 12-11-2017 @StMarysWotton  and @WottonSilverBand 
Buzzing to have got my first game for my country, hopefully more to come
Regardless of the outcome, I’m so proud of 
And that's a wrap!!! 4 fantastic days engaging the public about fantastic science. What a lovely bunch of people doing some amazing things 
Can't wait to play with you guys on Friday. 
So blessed, I get to call my mom my friend 
Bake cookies and play games (Catan) with Bell and I! 
 you showed us so much love 
THANK YOU to everyone who came to my SOLD OUT show 
In our own little contemporary bubble 
This study demonstrates that we should never interpret HRV in isolation to assess the training status 
Everyone please spend time with your loved ones because time matters 
My client mayor elect 
Foxes host Stags 11/24 for Lower State title  7:30pm 
*COMPETITION*Who wants to win a guitar?! I will be using this beauty throughout the 
Coolest Halloween so far!!!! More dancing Saturday 
Make it hard, we are making it worth it! 
The ceremonies are in full swing for 
I’ve not posted much content recently, besides a little NFS.  Now the tools are back in force (
Thank you Harrison! We 
Friday, 12/8 @ 7pm. 'Springdale 
Thank u all 4 the BDAY wishes. I thank god for another year. I promise 2 make every second count, be the best I can be & continue 2 grow
 Thank You So Much For All The Love!!! 
Roanoke, VA has my heart 
What an awesome collaboration !!! Totally agree to the "T"! 
A special place for me, Angels Beach 
Cheers to 5 great years & one million dollars raised for 
Really Appreciate The Love & Support 
Met this beautiful wee girl in the crowd today and brought her back stage to all the acts including the awesome 
Extremely blessed and excited to say that I have chosen to continue my softball and academic career at the University of Mississippi. Thank you to everyone’s who supported and believed in me through this journey. HOTTY TODDY
RALEIGH, we were born to love you! Thank you to 
I got the best hug today. What a ride. 
Happy 11th Birthday to the greatest pup out there, Frankie Max. 
Ben's Cat's brother sporting Ben's old "Turf Monster" saddle cloth 
I love you both and I'm so incredibly proud of you! Welcome to the club!
Happy happy second birthday 
Get ready for this one! 
We're super stoked to have been shortlisted for FIVE awards at 
As Seen In the Los Angeles Times Thanks Steve Valentine 
Came out by myself to hang with 1300 strangers and listen to 
Love this. Love connecting with people. 
I love being home for the holidays. Family really means everything to me 
What a night! So proud of my hubby and the Robert E Lee Volunteers!!
 this course! Won't need Galvins either 
Omg I’m so excited for you!!! You have worked your butt off lately and deserve every bit of it!! Congrats girl!! 
Oh Rathmines!   How we 
I thought I loved 
FT: Liverpool 3-0 Southampton 
A huge thank you to our amazing customers + staff for their overwhelming generosity and efforts! 
Here's how you can help the Myanmar-Bangladesh Crisis 
We still like to do a little salute to Terry this time of year. 
Lovely surprise this morning from the gang at Wilton, thanks 
I am so sickened by the insane abuse of power in the film industry. So many stories about actors, directors and producers assaulting and harassing people. Some of the victims were minors too. So proud of the Brave victims who are sharing their stories and raising awareness 
TK Kravitz is my new fav
Got my head in the game heading to the 2017 NORCECA Congress in Costa Rica. (But my 
32 years ago, I got mine fixed 
A beautiful bundle of Staff Welfare Resources! Enjoy! 
Thank you! Happy Wednesday all!!
When your friends are social justice warriors and bring a whole new meaning to a power brunch 
Round 2 of finding our new home this week! We see some breath-taking spaces on our first trip, we won't settle for anything less 
My first shoot as Antonia Houston Couture and what an image!! By 
Always been the dream bro 1love 
shoutout to all the hotel maids, even tho ya’ll wake us up like a damn swat team at the door we still appreciate everything you do
Gr8 to meet w/people who know+value the importance of mental wellness. 
DJ Harvey returns to Ministry 
All the warm fuzzy feels 
Happy Birthday to my bro Nucci 
Demi is amazing as usual!!!! 
Thank you so much for your support and all of your kind message Bri 
Back in Phoenix to play the biggest festival of the year for our hometown tomorrow. 
You were a joy too. Didn't we have fun. Lots of love 
's Grand Designs.
Please sign this & share: 
We’ve had literally the best afternoon dancing with these beauties! Thank you so much for ur performance. Loads of love to you 
Fab - well done 
"Make Chester proud." 
You’re the strongest man I’ve ever met. I’m so proud of you and I
 Send someone a virtual hug today! 
Love is always appreciated, especially from a good friend! Love u too! 
This makes me so happy... emotional but so so happy. 
When we have each other, we have everything. 
Thank you Andy.  This is why I 
Legitimately one of the best experiences of my life 
People of Twitter! Stream/download 
Pre order is on for The Con X : Covers! You get 
Picture perfect colors are saturating 
Old man  D Watkins in the UK 
Our amazing team are donating all tips tonight in aid of Mexico, which will be doubled by the House! Every little helps 
Pre show goofing around with our gorgeous show stopper
Can't believe how fast this happened! It's gone number 1 all genres now! The love for my music always blows me a way 
This is such an amazing honor. I feel so blessed and thankful 
Who knew a folder could change someone's life. Truly in awe of the Homer Fund, incredible. 
Selling GTA 5 Modded Acc for ALL consoles DM
Congratulations to the 17 Ladies of Delta Sigma Theta Incorporated 
WE CAN START A NEW WORLD!WITH LOVE AT THE CENTER IT'S TIME
We've been dreaming of this moment! Welcome back 
Such a pleasure to shoot for GQ CHINA. Thanks guys for having me! 
Off to the airport to meet the gang 
For you or a loved one...take that first step to recovery 
We did it girls !!!!! Happy graduation 
 Hi guys my friend brooke has run out of options she has been told there's no more the UK can do to treat her cancer so now needs to go to america to trial a new treatment. Even if you can spare 1pound it will help u can donate here 
We're feeling the love in the Bay this weekend with this gorgeous wedding setup in our new Eiscir Riada suite. Congratulations to all our couples who celebrated their 
This man's family made his dreams come true by bringing a horse to his hospice. 
You’ll never walk alone when you have 
Cause I’m terrified to let you down
So, so proud of Team Rye
what a night, you guys slayed 
 We heard that we're your favorite guilty pleasure on the road! We always appreciate a little 
Looking forward to playing at the Steel Yard this Saturday! See you soon Liverpool 
What a huge honor, JJK. It's an amazing poster and your version of El Deafo rocks it. You're hired! (Cuz I know u aren't busy.) 
Beyond proud of having two images in the National Portrait gallery’s Taylor Wessing Exhibition. And again that the Guardian are leading with my photo of little Maggie 
So I'm watching The ACE Family on TV and the intro comes on so my sister hears the song & stops what she is doing just to watch 
Soooo.... I may just be doing a special Indie Underground Dance DJ Set on Saturday, Dec. 2nd in 
Sat 7th oct newlands park home of cheltenham rugby 
Special night redroomvancity last night 
Very Excited for next Monday :-) free to pop along 
 tony bhai ur 2 songs in todays nbt newspaper 
 is one week away! Your generous donation to the Art Gallery of Hamilton is an investment in our community initiatives, helping the public grow and learn through art. 
Heheheh ... I have one too ;) ... will post soon & let’s do that hanging session soon brother! Lots of love! 
RCHS Business students touring AT&T Stadium 
Good afternoon team. My tour (including new dates) is here. Hope you can come. Really enjoying my work in progress shows. 
Welcome to Fiona, the newest member of Acorns family - we're lucky to have her ! 
Last night celebrated 200 episodes of Modern Family 
But first...some may say coffee (and I do love my coffee in the morning) but I will say LOVE 
Love my kiddos and my hugs too!   What a way to start my year!  
Anwitha is absolutely adorable! 
Team Stevie each with their own mirror. 
"Love Like You" is Tune of the Week on 
This is what I love. This is what I do. Feels good to be training again with the lads. Khosi for life 
i'll do it for you ...... & do it for myself. 
Before & After pics from today's winter wardrobe upstyle feature on 
Couldn't agree more.. last chance to watch! More than worth the money 
Care about each other’s mental health
Family & friends!  
The quickest way to start not liking yourself is to focus too much on your shortcomings instead of your strong points. 
 is saying what we are all thinking about! I love you, and I miss you, huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
Something very exciting coming soon to 
Don't Forget To Tune In To The Second Episode Of The 'A Moment With' Series On Facebook With The Lovely 
The BEST custodial staff in the district!! Thank you for all you do! We 
HBD To A King 
New original art for sale! Price includes professional mounting and framing too. Simply DM me if you would like to own this or buy it for a loved one! Happy Friday 
This needs as many retweets as likes! We're a caring sharing campaign so SPREAD THE WORD! More fun for everyone 
Thanks for having us! We 
2 years ago we wrapped Death Shower Scene 
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR YOUR SUPORT. Roll on Saturday night for the results. 
Delighted to see our collab Archive 12 shoot in the latest issue of 
 @ Center City, Philadelphia 
So happy my mom and dad could come to the show tonight in NYC. Today was a blast. 
Learning lessons from a book! 
I have never regretted my time with him 
“Every generation has to do their part to keep pushing forward.” Happy birthday to 
Not sure what to throw in your next smoothie? BEET IT! Not to mention the All Plant Protein Powder… 
Congrats! You know we 
A big shout out to Tracey in New Zealand for sending in her Healthy Healing sighting. Where are you reading it? Send your picture to: info@my1fitlife.com and I will share it here.Tracey, New Zealand is on my bucket list! It looks gorgeous. 
For the Destiny 2 players that thought there was no light at the end of the tunnel. Christopher and team are doing great work. 
We're so happy to be a part of the city wide contribution bringing smiles to children 
Excited to announce that ive verbally committed to continue my volleyball career at Long Beach City College!!Go Vikings!
Thank you guys thank you!!
Feeling fresh, reenergized, and loving my new 
TOMORROW is Children's Grief Awareness Day! Stop by any of Misha's locations tomorrow (11/16) and pick up a chocolate mini cupcake to support the CBC! All proceeds from the chocolate minis sales will be donated to the Children’s Bereavement Center 
Wrapping up an amazing day of sharing and learning with the  design and 
The music video playlist has been updated again! What is your favorite?! 
Toilet paper dreams are coming true. We’ve launched in the UK and USA! Tag your friends & family to help us build more toilets 
Holy BANANAS!!! 
Thank you for helping me close a chapter and joining me on opening a new and bright one. I am having the absolute best time and I’m so thankful for all of you 
Top10 Reasons reported for Uptake of a Sport in Youth 
Hi guys have u checked out 
Thank you! This is so cool and need one of these too. 
Tickets selling like hot cakes!
That was lovely seema it melted my 
Thank you, Jake!
 the candy cane white hot chocolate from 
We are deeply saddened to hear about the passing of Jana Novotna. Our hearts go out to her loved ones at this time.May she rest in peace. 
Around this time last year I was on THE call with 
Woke up to some wonderful news! COYGGG! 
And thank YOU Barnes and Noble! :-) 
T W O  O F  A  K I N D. 
Couldn't have asked for a better summer. Thank you to 
Last night in Roma with my Love 
Hot stuff, cold day, warm heart 
She's been with me late at late when I was drowning in the dark. She heard my every word when I was pouring out my heart. So I thank my lucky stars for every crack, scratch, and scar on this guitar. 
Lori wrapping baskets!
So proud of our fantastic cast and crew of "Under the Big Top"! It was so much fun to watch you perform! Congrats on a great show! 
I'll be heading on tour with the amazing Hayden James and BAYNK . So freaking keen to play a tonne of new songs live 
Can’t believe you’re gone 
Rodney Bewes. Our dear Bob Ferris. Sleep tight, kidda. 
Until next time my beautiful girls!
If you follow your heart, you will always find your way
 updated with today’s offerings. 
If you are still interested in helping by volunteering your time for Grenfell or other important causes, please let us know! Thank you 
Thanks to everybody that stod by my side for the last months.Thanks to my  family,coach,teammates,Mino,DarioFort,Dahan,DrFu,DrVolker,Manutd and the most important my fanz.This was not a one man work without all of you I would not be playing fotball today Thank you and I 
You can be by Friend for life :)) !!
If you were a football manager, which club would you rather be in charge of?RT – Leeds United
So honored 2 speak at memorial for Florence Henderson along w 
These are good rules for life as well as the classroom. 
AAAAAA college goal (bukod sa grumaduate) achieved hahaha Yaaay 
 friends - go see this documentary. You'll fall in love with Sonia, a 
COULD NOT HAVE SAID IT BETTER MYSELF 
We all feel lost from time to time. Read this. 
So blessed! Beyond proud of you! Keep pushing! 
LOOK who is back in town Monday... LOTUS BISCOFF 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
So proud of the work every single contributor has done, during 
Such an awesome line up of artists and a great act it is 
 Congrats guys on your new amazing remix. Loved it 
"East x West" with 
We are proud to call the Oregon Coast our home 
As you are online holiday shopping, don't forget to spread small acts of kindness to the delivery people to say thanks 
Daily Giveaway RT + follow 
Oh boy,It hasn't even really started and I want cod's cheeks already!!
A huge thanks and even larger shout-out to the following beautiful human beings on the CFA team: 
Parker Woods lenses Madeline Zanone on the West Coast 
And she absolutely smashed it! So proud of you Chloe 
Feeling so grateful for this little heart that already beats inside me right next to mine. And for all the hearts that have gathered around me in support during such a tender time 
Robert #288 receiving Presidential Apron from Hector 4 "Taking care of our customers". I 
Curvin my way outta NYC yesterday feelin natural and free. Talked with 
If “all I got” dosen’t teach you a lesson then nothing ever will. 
Absolutely thrilled to announce my debut Essential Mix this weekend on 
My love will always be basketball 
 this! Please show your support and RT!! 
Loop, you were soooo good, fun, inspiring & heart warming. Loads of love for everyone sharing and caring 
TIL that stressed-out cells bypass quality control for "damage control" mRNAs, just to get them out there asap 
And big love to my local theatres keeping arts vibrant in the 
WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE.  ONCE THE MILITARY IS W US FASCISTS GET OVERTHROWN. MAD KING & HIS HANDLERS GO BYE BYE
I hope my 2018 brings me more opportunity to work with 
So happy to officially be a bulldog!!! I’m so thankful for the journey softball has taken me on, and I can’t wait to play at the next level!
It looks amazing! I'm so excited to see how GWC clubs create great things with this!
It's the day before! We can't wait to run on the 
Into night we'll make a sound 
 "quagmire" is doing fantastic. His big boy teeth are here and he loves cuddles. The most beautiful cat we have ever seen. Very happy and chatty. My best friend 
Monday. Half term. Yr11 making me proud. OCA staff going above and beyond. 
Australia showing a troubled world what it is to be pragmatic and progressive. Simply doing the right thing 
Looking GR8 on Daily Pop 
During the last 4 years, DPDK did 12 releases and more than 10,000 patches, with the participation of more than 600 contributors. Fastly provides CDN for 
Your team is still number one in our 
Totally agree with this. The people that stand by and watch are just as bad. I would rather stand alone than be part of a gang of bullies 
Care enough to get it right. Taking in all the criticism and tips I
In a society that produces &encourages self doubt, 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes! It’s been amazing. 
Roasted beetroot salad ready to go
We love this positive story of compassion 
So blessed and excited to say that I have committed to play volleyball at Texas Women's University!!
For every retweet on this post, 
Happy 5 year anniversary to my amazing wifey for life’y 
First look of next song out anytime in next few days 
this gold+silver tears aesthetic will never get old 
Please come along tomorrow night if you can, and celebrate the life of Calum/Lumanes 
TOUR IS OVER! THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO CAME OUT! WE 
Two new awards gained in just two days.Partnership Award & Best community project on a social estate.Proud as punch, what a team!
Keisha made it to the Top 11 of The Voice! You guys should all be voting for her, she is such an amazing, and unique vocalist. Congrats 
I’m in Shoreditch on a Friday night - there’s only one woman I would do this for 
Very Honoured 2 b contributing 2 this extremely important fundraising evening wonderful line up of artists Will be a special 1 Get ur tix 
On a PE field trip but the students are debating which forms of energy are demonstrated the most! 
WEDNESDAY I bring the trio down to Dublin for the first time! Please come and hang out with us so they’ll have us back ;-) 
These albatross are lifelong partners. 
All I got for you today. 
If you're still undecided about visiting Ireland, let this change your mind. 30 minutes from our house. 
No time to cook...but getting my daily greens. Eat healthy, you can do it! I 
Couldn’t be a more appropriate time to share this photo. I 
Excited to announce that I will be continuing my academic & athletic career at Arkansas State University!!
GO BRIAN!! So proud of my dude 
The Writers in Baltimore Schools issue of City Paoer! Anastasia Farley wrote a profile of me I'll always remember.
Love you, Fansies! 
Back home after a wonderful evening in Birmingham with 
So proud of my beloved Australia. Amor vincit omnia
Our first Family Friday was a huge success.  Our students 
That’s a wrap! The last 
London is just such an amazing city. Just driving through it now on the way home thinking: yeah, it’s intimidating as hell...but the mix of old and new, the people, the diversity, the vibe...it’s literally the greatest city in the world. 
Dress as your favorite book character! 
Honoured to be announced as one of the top 3 sports women of the year! Thank you so much for everyone who voted for me, means the world 
Awww thank you! Sorry it wasn't your cup of tea, but I appreciate the glowing review of the writing and characters. 
Thanks to RMHC Manitoba's volunteer, Marlene, this family came Home to some warm, freshly baked cookies after visiting their baby at the hospital. 
It's here. Spray Paint Love.
Our team has lose a great friend and a true hero. 
Give us a spin!
We are done with signing session, thank you for coming
I will as I am getting my steps in 
Happy Birthday Pops!
Well it’s a pretty great feeling sitting in the hydro and your boyfriend makes an entrance 
Thursday 19th January at 10am.
Congratulations Australia, what amazing news to wake up to here in the UK 
Yesterday we were lucky enough to witness the amazing 
Yes!! That’s why I started 
***Competition Time*** 10 people will win fitness memberships and become our poster people! It's time to embrace what our bodies can do and achieve 
Good night!But first lemme feed my skin. 
It's so affirming when someone takes the time to learn you 
So sorry that this is so late but I hope my other family over at 
finally, my new original "Up" with 
TY stompers & shakers & 
Brighton, u always make us feel so welcomed!! Thx for last nite 
Got me a real one.
Talking and singing with the wonderful, gorgeous 
My teammates never cease to amaze me. So proud of  
Lalela!!! You are beautiful
With every new generation this world creates positive changes. It’s us, the young that will change things for the better. I’m SO happy for Australia!!! 
 y’all are one of my favs to listen to. Whether if it’s in the morning, at night, or whenever. Keep doing what you do 
Has always been my favourite song and always will be.. I sing it for special reasons.. 
I'm tryna stay lowkey and build like 
Congratulations to the couple of the year! HML 
Our season may have ended tonight, but my appreciation & 
We're diggin' this 
An emoji is worth a 1000 words ... or maybe more like 3 ...
Don't y'all change on me!Let's all die together 
Sooo proud! Last friday I became Daddystylez of this beautiful boy! Welcome to the world JAXON 
Appreciate that love! Thank you! 
We are super proud of our amazing and inspirational friend 
Happy birthday Beny I
I feel so blessed to get to do what I love, in the business I love.While working with so many wonderful company's and people.
We’ve made it to the last song on the EP. We’re so close to finishing this thing. Thanks for being patient! 
THANK YOU, DC. We love you. No words...
Best place to sleep is on mommy 
Fertitta Pride at home and away! 
The second EP on my label Sulta Selects is out on Vinyl and Digital now: 
Just heard I am going to play the very last set at the Coronet alongside Nicky Blackmarket NYE @ Breakin Science 
Prop 1 went down! Thanks 2 R incredible 
This Saturday at Area 31 ! 
“everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. be kind, always” 
Find what makes you happy and so it more! Make your heart health a priority - physically and emotionally 
This Day got so Much Better when the merch from some of my fevorite wrestler came today thank You
I honestly can not thank everyone enough who turns up/donates and performs at 
No beauty shines brighter than that of a good heart. 
Can you believe it's the last ever season of 
The TV screens are my fave ahahahaa thank you 
Marty's Penny Bank HQ receiving the Development Award from 
Thanks so much Emily Cronin for this lovely article on today's Telegraph Fashion 
SO excited to launch our Hull Christmas Projects with 
On now til Dec 31st: Give an O'Finn's gift card = GET an O'Finn's gift card
Percy knows that Saturday evenings were really made for snuggling...& now all he needs is a cuddle buddy, could that be you? 
Thank you to everyone who watched, donated to CIN and the project for 
I had the honor of writing a script for 
Everyday you should indulge your senses in the sounds of nature , it’s life changing every moment ..literally and metaphorically 
"I could use a l
Donation of 30 valentine balloons to the freeman hospitals children's ward  
walked 20 blocks - 2 trump protest - michael moore -.cher - alec b - marisa t - joey pants - jillian moore - the mayor - dinero -perez 
Your 2017 Area Champs 
Yes omfg can't wait my bro 
Very, very seldom do I have those "I 
Belonging to Poet's Den at 
Our small place!!
Loving the new addition! It was a hit! 
So proud of you Justine!!!!! You make us proud 
Solidarity and strength to our trans family, today and every day. 
Noooo no stamps. It feels good to sign each one because it's like "hey. Here's your poster, thank you thank you thank you 
Three VERY different songs for you to get into on 'Inbox Jukebox' - we're calling it the 
This is very exciting. So many lost loved ones to pancreatic cancer. The future is bright and full of hope if we keep exploring and finding these breakthrough treatments. Thank you for all the hard work to pursue these breakthroughs 
Terrific, inspirational Festival at 
Swank up your turntable with our new logo slip mats!!! They're super rad! 
Their first collab on an album.Not their first in life.
Thank you for hosting & participating in South East Feast! It’s a wrap from us now. Keep giving SE London's food & drink independents some
I urge anybody who loves 
A true banger in Philly. Thank you to everyone who gave it their all in the City Of Brotherly Love. 
Until August 21st we will match you dollar for dollar if you make a donation for 
Jordan, Justin, Gord, Tim and Sean ... thank you just doesn't seem like enough. 
Way to start Thanksgiving break. Book Bandits and their families go to see Wonder. 
We, the Overwatch Competitive Community, come together today and honor our dear friend with a friendly fundraiser tournament for his family.Show your support too:Join us 
Happy Birthday and all the best to my amazing wife! There are no words to describe how lucky I am to have you by my side, 
And so, today’s meeting room looks like this... I
Retweeted Paul Rutherford, PhD (
My rework of 'Girls Love Beyoncé' just hit 500k on Spotify. Thanks for all the 
 Pop up today only in Battersea 69 Albert Bridge Road 9am-6pm 
Yes- avail  on the online merch store soon! 
I’ll always back the underdog. 
Hey Guys!Our new single ‘Worth Fighting For’ is OUT NOW!! Who’s listening to it? Who’s downloaded it? Who’s streaming it? What’s everyone fighting for today? Follow the link below to grab yours! Spread the word! 
School #19 "Rainbow of Kindness" today and every day!
Which brothers are you taking?  RT - Shola + Sammy 
Tickets & VIP packages are already moving fast! Join The 
They really found their way back to each other. 
A very hard hitting episode about domestic abuse & a great performance from 
Can't wait for this show with 
Thank you!!!
 the play on words in this AWESOME bulletin board! 
Consumables: There's so many gobblegums and FaF cards in both BO3 & IW that changes each and every game and make them feel unique, Consumables are very meh..... Please add more consumables that can give us that unique feeling 
  Yasunao Tone, glitch pioneer, Fluxus co-founder: here's his 'Solo for Wounded CD' 
Thank you Coach for everything you have done for me, soccer, and Penn State University.  You were an amazing coach but an even better person. You will be truly missed by everyone.  We Are........PENN STATE
My guy did an amazing job with this last year. Big up to everyone who helped and Big up to those that can help now
Health and fitness ARE NOT about a number on the scale.  Live life, be happy, move, and eat clean. Don't be obsessed with your relationship with gravity. Good night world,Michelle 
I'm so excited to teach this workshop (
We r giving away 3 whole smoked 
thanks homie, i can’t believe how much fun and how far we’ve come. all the crazy stuff we do either on a boat, rollercoaster, or in the cabin. can’t wait for break when we can chill more man! miss n love you henny
Though I didn't publish a new chronicle in 
All things are possible if you believe. Believe believe believe!!! 
Thank you guys for all your passion putting this piece together 
Counselling is for ‘brave’ people 
No matter how much we might feel broken or we are hurting at times in our lives, we have to let go to move forward. 
We have gained another Angel. 
Plummer will be writing across all subjects
If you had or are having a shitty teens, listen to how shitty mine were and feel reassured it gets better. 
 Thanks for the unforgettable ride! 
Thank you, Doc. We love you. 
£150,000 GUARANTEED for the upcoming £550 main event! 
Yes, shopping online is easy but nothing beats wandering around floor after floor of books at Foyles. 
>70,000 are in need of shelter and aid after the 
Today marks the day that we won our licence back. It’s also a perfect reminder to thank everyone who made this possible and for all the kind messages today that we’ve received. You've made us feel loved 
Thanks for playing "Stereo" 
Darlings, Charlotte will be LIVE on 
Big win tonight, a lot of grit and determination and that's a win purely for you 
can't fucking believe i'm in the newest issue of 
 London. Another day closer to December 11th. 
VANCOUVER OMG YES DOROTHY THANK YOU OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG LOVE YOU FOREVER 
Happy Birthday Rachie..... You are the best sister and best friend ever! I
Love this!! That's what life is all about!!
Amazing stuff! Aren't people brilliant? 
This is BIG! We are so proud! 
STANDING WITH HEROES - TO ALL VETERANS, OUR TROOPS & THEIR FAMILIES - WE SALUTE YOU. 
Thank you Sierra for your soulful and prodigious voice 
Finally. My Day Planner featured with lingerie. 
Could have never expected Toulouse to be so pretty! 
we do it all for my boy ellis i miss u bro 
Thoughts and prayers going out to NYC 
It's so quiet on campus today! Missing our students this week 
RIP David Cassidy and Rodney Brewes. Both present in my growing up. Sad to think they have gone 
Jawz & Jazzy are thankful for their friendship! 
Grateful for the fun and smiles we shared with our Wells Explorers as they taught us the Turkey Tango! Grateful for the fun, creativity and passion for music Kastor shares with his students daily. 
The sorrow.This woman's talent is extraordinary.A waste of a unique,unique artist.A woman with a vision that summoned magic. Khadija Saye 
being brave, framing trauma, personal experiences in games, and announcing the next installment of "Everything is going to be OK":
Can’t wait to introduce 
Me and the boys made it to number one on the charts today! Blown away by the love and support y’all 
Happy Birthday to you Miss Berget Lewis! 
For those of y'all asking to see my stuffed animal shelf we built today... 
In addition to receiving funds, 
Aw I love patients. Lovely 95 year old decided to croquet a treatie for one of our staff in his favourite footie team 
My daughter is my world, my greatest achievement 
It’s official! Time to walk off into that sunset. It’s been the most incredible job of my life. Thankyou 
That’s my boy......
 oh Ned, you crack me up!! 73 years, what a fabulous couple 
For Thanksgiving, gotta have “stellar” “superb” 
Thanks so much RA for taking the time to review JB and my new LP 
I’m working on I
"Yumchaa's Chai Red blend is a dreamy combination of aniseed, pepper, ginger and cardamom with a rooibos base" - we couldn't have said it better ourselves ! 
Meet Carter, an adorable Spaniel/Pekingese mix w/ the best underbite at 
We’re proud to announce the full lineup for 
Very Excited for my Feat. With 
Shelter Dogs Get Week-Long 'Vacation' To Spend Thanksgiving In Real Homes - HuffPost 
Another excellent defensive display with East Fife holding league leaders Forfar Farmington to a 0-0 draw! 
Bye SoftTech, Welcome Uncork: 
Here it comes! The annual post where I get to pick the prettiest pictures I have of you! Happy birthday Trash. Love you, Miss you, & Proud of you. 
I’m going live on my Facebook page at 2 pm ET with 
Thank you so much, dear 
thank you!!! So much!! Just leaving work - best news to start the weekend on! 
We were joined by Ann's lovely family as we hijacked her Brownie meeting (sorry girls!) Ann was very surprised and shocked but incredibly grateful. She thanks everyone for their support, especially her family who are always behind her. Congrats Ann, from all in GMW 
Last month, our awesome Executive Director, Myra Anderson, was recognized at 4th Annual Champions of Education held by 
Fan memorial downtown. Thank you. 
Rest in peace Mrs Della Reese 
Stafi realizues Prishtina Startup Weekend 
I love this movie! 
Do you or someone in your family have a story about 
Don't forget it's okay to cry 
Even the spiky ones need love and affection 
I've done a stripped back cover of my fave song of the moment "Show Me Love" by 
So many memories, so many friends, so many shows. Warped will never die
Thank you very much for the continued support 
Today was so much fun! Thank you to everyone who tuned in! We 
love bro. you inspire us all 
What a magical weekend. Thanks and much love to everyone who came and made it what it was. Until next year 
It’s busy tonight 
ZoCo kickin’ ass and takin’ names at the Best Places to Work luncheon! 
The amount of love I have received today to help Texas is unreal! Everyone I will have donation locations & items tomorrow! 
Girl trying to get the nuts off the floor what a funny night that was
At the same time, we celebrate the 10 th anniversary 
I’m hanging out with you this Sunday 12-4pm on 
 Remebering these choc hazelnut mousse & vanilla 
Ash, I love what you wrote
Final tally 2282 turkeys, 9K lbs. food & $5K collected Thanks 
This Sunday Bonymaen Ladies are on the road to Croesyceiliog for their 4th game of the yearAs always we would 
She loves a game of fetch and is a loving lass too 
This puppy was given away because he was different — now he needs a forever home where he can be his silly self 
Needed a pick me up.... 
Over 20,000 Mentors are school-wide. Building supportive communities through each classroom, hallway, & playground
The Vinnie's Team worked hard today 120 Free Meals served today. A huge Thankyou to all the Vinnie's Team 
Another dream come true moment. Grateful I got to do this again! 
My girls.... 
So proud to have worked on this. 
Newsletters are here! Available at the theatre & other great local establishments
The results are in!  Total raised for 
“The definition of genius is taking the complex and making it simple.” AEMany prefer complexity to benefit from ignorance of the masses.Glad to see 
Many people who would find 
What deal has you heading to DD? 
I would like to thank all those who supported me and my team (especially the Detroit city fans)and tried to give us the chance we earned to win regionals and go for states. No matter what the result was me and the team are really appreciative of your support
Thanks Kerry! Always so much fun to hang out 
HOLD ME IN YOUR ARMS  
Buy one drink, get one free to share. Nov. 9–13, 2–5pm. 
Just awful. My heart goes out to the people of Vegas
can't wait for signing day 
Mental Health is something that I really stand for. Come through and support 
So happy for this daughter & daddy reunion 
Katy Please See This I Worked really hard I hope that you notice this 
The Winner of the Stars of the City, Stars with 
Always a gift for us to b a part of the movement, we r the inspired ones 
Everyone get voting for Siobhan King 
This is beautiful in every way , thank you Ellen from everyone 
RSVPs now open for 11/3 V&V I
I just wanted to thank all the blogs, zines, websites & wonderful people who have featured big tide! When I quit 
What an EPIC night with the 2 best sororities in town! 
Download your own copy of the Olicity Cookbook now! 
Red velvet, leopard, and my favorite under $100 jeans (which are on sale)! • Get the details here 
Goodmorning! I’ll download my official flyer soon. But please come out and support me at my first art show! Link in bio!!!! 
Heaven gained another schnauzer today. You were my best friend and I’ll always have you in my heart 
Jus on our way 2 evening service wiv Darling wife 
sLOVEenia, what a beautiful country! 
Every part of my heart has been touched 
The ppl in Scotland are one of a kind .. THANK YOU 
Bring on winter! We love spending time around the fire with our nearest and dearest 
Ugh, such a fun tour with my friends 
 in Edmonton, Canada has a HUGE place in 
 love your Christmas tree like you love 
Awesome! Ily Lana
"But it's clear to see I'm all yours now..." 
AHHH THANK U SO SO MUCH!!:)
love the feeling of the sun on my cheeks 
Here we go with #2 and boy, she’s a fighter! She’s gonna do it!
CO! So hyped for tmrw 
Rih, if you read this do not ignore! I love u, thanks for saving my life 
She makes me look good everywhere we go 
There's an old person inside you depending on you to be smart. Do not disapoint.
Final: boys basketball loses a hard fought game 93-89. One hell of a season boys, you made us all proud
Yay!!  Sooo excited to be the be cohost of 
Australia, you bunch of legends 
Sending our thoughts and condolences to the friends and family of Justin "Juice" Lee. 
Such an awesome experience!! Thank you so much 
Everyone seems to get something out of this episode. So glad 
My totem family this evening 
we're sure you'll love them 
U love house n u dont even know it yet 
With all my support girl.I am so sorry. So Fucking unfair. 
Just received news that GEEK GIRL has reached ONE MILLION book sales. Thank you so much to all my readers - you rock. 
The Monteleone is merry and bright! 
While traveling a lot last yr I made new friends & lots of memories & sometimes I also lost my self. The Exact feeling I get after watching 
Less than 2 weeks left to come in....
In Solidarity with Zimbabwe! 
 GIVING UPDATE: $21,130 raised for 
Happy Birthday to my beautiful, intelligent daughter, Amira! Love you!
Molly and Karolina are the absolute faves
 passed through the city for just a weekend, but it has fanned the flames of change for building a better future for women and girls. Thank you to everyone who attended. Keep fighting, keep breaking those glass ceilings, and dare we say? SEE YOU NEXT YEAR! 
We have the Power to be Drug Free! 
So excited to reveal this prototype device - it will revolutionise your cricket-watching experience. Let’s get it off the ground! 
Oh what views, travelling from Kandy to Ella by train 
So proud of this team!! Amazing 29-5 win over 
happy birthday you beautiful human being. thank you for always being someone i can count on, love you endlessly 
We Are Live!!! 
Swear there’s nothing like being home 
Carrick on Shannon looking - STUNNING! 
Our Sub Junior Batch got lucky this month 
Think this review sums up our beautiful 
Friends, pups, delicious food and espressotini .. 
I wanna thank everyone for the beautiful support for Mom’s book— 
This. Moment. 
Sometimes you just have to stop and stare. The Wish, for so many winter feels. 
The more we give, the better we live 
Happy 1 year Anniversary to my beautiful lady 
Katherine Martinko from treehuggerdotcom paid us a visit today 
Kicking off our Operation Turkey Day today at nyphospital in NYC. 
1st peak completed for my cousin 
Trunk or treat was definitely treated at Alcorn Elementary. 
My very talented cousin Elliot took that photo. Find him on instagram 
You are more than welcome! Today’s event was fabulous 
Hey Nottingham. Let’s do this 
Morning mental meeting. I 
Thank you to all my family, freinds and fans for the love & support... 
Thrilled seeing this... thaaaaaank you! 
Feeling traumatized by the last year since 45 was elected? Yeah, us too. But we still got each other and some beautiful queer/trans 
One Thing made it on HypeM! throw it a 
We can't wait for this fab masterclass with the gorgeous 
Check it out! I talk my HOT CHOCOLATE NUTCRACKER with 
Creative People Can’t Be Stopped
Woman raises $20,000 for homeless man after he gave her his last $20 
Thoughts and prayers going out to the people of Tehama County, CA 
Everyone go & donate to this great thing! If you win please let me be your plus 1. 
Today we remember our Veterans with respect, honor & gratitude. 
 cheers to new traditions. Thanks to all our teams who came out to the tree-lighting ceremony.
I love, love 
4 years that I’ve been lucky enough to hear you sing to me every single day. If I had a choice, I’d hear my favourite song sung by you every single time. Happy anniversary 
Still can’t believe we sold out 1st bank center. Living a dream. I
 got a Grade 9A Brazilian 18" 3 bundles with 12" closure for R2500 . Valid from 15 November to 15 December 
Happy Birthday to writer & actress of Sargad 
Super proud of this girl! 
Proud to say I will be continuing my education at Henderson State University! Can’t wait to be a future Reddie 
You are most welcome!! My fire is renewed! xo 
Vegan is beautiful! 108 recipe ideas + Ayurveda, Healthy Desserts, Athletes, Spice + Herb Blends... Our new issue is on stands now 
SHOUTOUT TO AUDREY FOR COMING IN AND WORKING HER BUTT OFF. Gonna miss you girl 
Proudly watching this clip of one of my very brave buddies from hospital and then I see a picture of me in Lily’s bed! Pug hugs to Lily
thank u so much owen and to everyone who will see this and help. im 22% away from my goal. pls RT or share if u can too 
Happy birthday Naj, may God bless and keep you! Lots of 
Rest vs. Quit! 
 Sat. Nov 25th confirmed for impromptu J. Otis Powell‽ Birthday Celebration Jam and Potluck We Welcome... 
Delicious bacon slabs and amazing dinner/drinks courtesy of 
Halfway there and even more beautiful than ever ! 
Another banger from a series of bangers: It's 
Out today is issue 5 of 
Look what just arrived for my dressing room yoga sessions!! 
Love this post from one of our diversity scholarship winners 
And all at once you are the one I have been waiting for 
You’re a very special part of the work we do in our Clubs. You make a difference in the lives of kids, youth & their families. Thank you 
Micropurrs from a 4 day old kitten. 
Couldn’t have said it better 
 @ The Quality Chop House 
What a way to end the year!!! 
Sane back darling.  Live you and Johnnie SO much 
Crispy pork dumplings in chilli & black vinegar. The best Asian fusion experience in 
 Thank you so much for this amazing video that made me so emotional and gives me so much motivation to make more new music for you. I 
I also want to say a massive shoutout to 
Completely and absolutely IN LOVE 
Arrived safely in Hawaii with that guy 
Thank you guys for coming!!! See you again for BBBS olympics tomorrow 
Yesssss!!! We serve a good God!
Babesssss this is all kinda autumn flames 
 have i told you that I loved you already??
 We would like to welcome Jo & Patrick to the Tipi & Kata family! 5th July... 
 Al Fresco on Faux Leather 
Friendly and inquisitive, our donkeys never miss a chance to say hello! Join in by reaching out and saying hello to someone on 
Wow, thanks, Jill 
One of my favourite illustrators working today 
Jersey! Who will I see at 
My older 2 kiddos LOVED their afternoon at the house when they came to visit us while we stayed! Wonderful place 
I really got some whole hearted followers
Johnny Forte....End Of 
I’m so proud of my dear friend 
From my family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving. I am so grateful to everyone for their love, support & well-wishes since 2014. All my love, Lauren (
Well done to our u19 girls on their huge win over St. Finbarrs today in the semi final. Fulltime score Cornafean 9-27 St. finbarrs 4-14. Great stuff girls. They now play belturbet in the final. Date and Time to be confirmed. 
Honoured to be a part of this couple's special moment! Good luck as you emBARK on married life 
Flashback to 2 years ago when NI 
Happy birthday!!! 
 to this wonderful big brother in law of mine. A big thank you to all of the 
19. Candy Rain // Soul For Real 
Reunions and random encounters are the best! 
Class tomorrow!!Contemporary Jazz at @pineappledancestudios 5-6pm!Check out 
- Skoozi msg me a hardship you have overcome & how it made you stronger. I will tag you to acknowledge support 
Pink at the Hollywood Bowl this eve
On Sundays. We brûlée.Burnt sugar has never tasted so good 
It's been real y'all. Thank you so much Nigeria. Onto much greater things! Now it begins 
Welcome to our home for the holidays, 
My thoughts and prayers to everyone suffering from 
Love how she's explaining it to Stanley. 
Just had my mind blown by Natalie Dormer in 
Great idea! I hope there's some left! All donations go to 
We’ve had a cracker 2017 season! And we’ve put a video together to celebrate all (well most) the special moments. See you in January 2018. 
Boxing Day aint Boxing day without seeing the Backto95 Fam! 
Thank u for your kindness. I can't wait for the show tonight. 
Digital Humanitarian ready for SURGERYOnce again from me & 
Gotta support the children in need
Shed Seven have never sounded better. Loving that we're hammering this on 
Call for a cello teacher to work with 
 flying Mon, Weds, Fri & Sun direct to 
Our schools honored Veterans by hosting appreciation events, creating artwork, and spending time with Veterans in our community 
The one and ONLY First Lady of HF 
Pygmy animals aren't just cute - they're practical too! 
It's not just our most recent graduates we are celebrating this 
A big thank you to everyone who came out for the event! 
We are excited to announce the winner of our giveaway some time ago:
A room full of voices to be reckoned with tonight as 
The greatest joy is making music and telling stories with you, Judith. 
Thank you for all your support, don't think you realise how you are my inspiration. Proud to be part of 
I will be at NCTE! Come check out my panel on returning to themes in our work. Joining me? Superstars 
Honored to be part of the grand opening of the new 
WWII Medic, Ben Cooper: his story is moving. Talked w/ him for an hour after the show + he called my grandma to talk about the 40s. 
So today I came on shift to this lovely letter from a patient I looked after. Makes me proud to know im doing my job and that my passion doesnt go un-noticed 
That's me!!! 
Our ladies are on vaca. Only a couple of months till we start shooting season two! 
If you’re in Shine, please help us help rough sleepers and give yourself a chance to win some fab prizes. Buy a raffle ticket or 20! Win-Win! 
Mrs. Aguilar's Kinder/1st grade S.S. PA on a good citizen.
SHE DID IT! WE ARE SO, SO PROUD!!!!! 
This moment brought to you by the sun's transition into Sagittarius this morning. You're welcome! 
Yep! It's a great cause...please come out or donate!! 
The gorgeous Tamzin Outhwaite (
 plz RT approx 2h.49 mins in raising awareness for 
SF standing for what's right! 
Boston!! It's been a while! Join me 
Celebrating 4 amazing years with my better half today!! I love you more than anything 
AMAZING. This veteran thanked me so much for giving him a free turkey for Thanksgiving. I am thankful for the men and women in uniform that serve for our country. Thanks for your service 
Thank you so much to all the wonderful scientists, students, comms teams, researchers, puffins, orangutans, crabs, worms and fish that made 
Our new single is premiering over at 
Brand new blog post up on our swanky new looking website - go take a look 
'Sue' mystery is solved after farmer's romantic message goes viral 
2016 was the year of the feels. I just put up a new song that I think reflects that. Happy New Year 
Please Help Kpark basketball by sharing and donating 
Sunday morning rainbows! 
Bryan Adams - Everything I Do 
 Gorgeous Anna, could you kindly give this an RT ? Thanks 
We start previews this week.... I have never been so excited/scared/joyful/nervous/ thrilled in my life. Thank you for the never ending 
Flashback to when these two were just two.
This is just one of the many reasons we love 
it’s never too early for christmas music especially if 
Amazing!!! Well, I am honored you followed through, girl! Great fun with all you girls this weekend! 
Mommy and her little piggie. 
 took its last bows with an extra emotional performance. Massive thanks to the phenomenal cast delivering wonders each night! 
So inspiring to see Kim do what she can for the community. 
This holiday season, 
Can we just talk about how someone crowd surfed during Jason and this was one of the best nights of my lifffeeeee!?!???! 
You can read my nom in here too! Thank you 
A humble and generous gurllll forever... I love you so much
people can shop in many places, but only one place gathers so many beautiful minds together 
“Either you treat me, or I will need to get my prostate removed,” he said to his son, the 
It’s Here!!! Higher Feat 
Pray everyday for the ones i love 
Name one thing you are thrilled about today? 
RIP Chester Bennington, your voice will always be heard 
Can't wait to do this all fall! The 
Good morning, My friend has one of my favorite Instagram accounts, where he posts some of the best humans. this is a 94 year old Harry B. Miller dancing at his senior center’s Thanksgiving dance. 
Rainy day? No problem! 
Our kids will never know how infectious this man was 
Loving this bold black and red monogram! Shop our gorgeous canvas fringe clutches and design your own
Our effort and intent back up our commitment to this cause. Through tragedy we do our best to make a difference. ANDY ROBERTS 
Thanks for all the radio love this week on 
Lazy sundays means more time to listen to all the new D&B tunes released this week! 
I love you so much ! You deserve this and SO MUCH more 
Go see this excellent freaking band on tour w 
Morning jog and it’s back to the big smoke 
What a special week with 31 outstanding world changers from all over Aotearoa 
Love is not about how many days, months, or years you have been together. Love is about how much you love each other everyday!!!
Hilarious things is...I’m sure it’s making me look YOUNGER?!! Don’t understand haha! Hope you’re well Arun 
Had an incredible time today at Chateauguay Valley Regional High School in Montreal. 
Thanks Danny! Was great to see you out partying 
You always have good attendance 
Wow! I talked with 
New music everyday... Friday 17th Nov updates are now live 
Best friends from the start Kash n Sinn 
 honestly still one of my favourite EPs of all time 
bend, don’t break 
Singing in the park with the beautiful ladies 
We're very proud of all our new players! 
Sneaky shout-out in the most recent issue of Golf Digest. 
'Jaadu Teri Nazar' from 
Acadia Axemen win in overtime 45-38! So proud of all the work they’ve put in over the year. A win well deserved 
I LOVE doodle notes! 
Baskets....baskets.....baskets!!
Thanks Becky much love 
An insane ass Monday at work calls for 
Soccer today is amazing with this weather. Thanks all for supporting the Vikings on a school holiday!! 
Scenes from the Veterans Day Parade. HS band. 
Mom, Best Fren, Twinning
Ahhh!!! This is soooo cool,you are amazing 
We remember and honor those who lost their lives and those who sacrificed theirs to help others. 
The Egbo Trio just dazzled a packed house 
And i don’t know why my phone doesn’t like me using I and subs it for crazy As and symbols. “Stop talking about yourself”. Screw you, I
From Refugee camp to the cover of 
Yeaaahhh!!! Gaga Is the Queen!!! 
Soul Searching........ 
New York, Kansas City... Whatever you call the Strip Steak, we 
TODAY IN 2ND GRADE: we used 
A girlfriend who'll hold you down through whatever >>>> 100% Loyal 
“Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue.” -Maya Angelou 
Happy birthday to my birthday tour twin 
3 years have come and gone yet again as the year of “lasts” is here. Last first fall ball game tonight 5:30 
'If it makes you feel alive, if it illuminates your mind, if it lets you see the world in a different way, well then, imagination is as important a force as gravity' (To quote my character in 
Brave Bradley captured the heart of the football world 
It’s now 5 months of me and my most amazing girlfriend 
happy bday pretty!! 
I had two incredible matter classes with amazing Thespians this morning! Thank you to all my 9:30 kids who were awesome! We shared some serious life changing moments today! 
That’s My Boy 
Celebration of one thing does not equal the denouncement of another. I wish people would get this. It's tiring having to repeatedly explain. For example, "I love my hair" does not mean I hate yours...Expressing ourselves exactly as we wish is where true freedom lies...
Danced my socks off now it’s chill time in my cosy new pj’s 
 my TwitchCon vlog just went live. Please check it out 
, you just made me cry after asking 
We can’t wait for this! Come join us and many others get our game on, win some prizes and raise some money for 
C‘mon Bayern! 
talking inspo for my tracks, soul music an all that jazz 
Wish I could have shared that proud moment with you & the other fantastic fans on stage 2 show just how INCREDIBLE we are! 
When two worlds meet, good things can happen. 
Evie is in need of a second stem cell (blood) transplant to save her life!
 Thank you so coach, I still love you even though you keep nutmegging me 
We LOVE supporting local 
A beautiful voice from a beautiful country  .. Wales 
RELEASE DAY IS HERE!VOID TRIP #1 from me, 
Thanks. Thanks For Coming. Night #1 complete. Rochester, we 
We're glad our eco-friendly cups warmed your heart! 
*Twinkl Imagine* Have you visited our amazing Christmas Cross-Curricular Teaching Ideas and Resources?
Happy 93rd Birthday Grandma, you are so SPECIAL to us all ... 
Pumpkin investigation, labeling, and Spookley the Square Pumpkin. We 
Got a chance to meet so many more people 
Happy 40th Ben , you are missed but will never ever be forgotten 
 1st Place at our Homecoming Week - Shark Trivia Event 
True love is your spouse helping you set up swarm so you can build lighting faster on a level for your portfolio 
No it's not we are back on 8th to our original date!!
This Christmas, learn how Charles Dickens created the famous lines from “A Christmas Carol.” 
Happy Valentine's! 
And... thank you for all the love. 
So glad we could bring people together in the wake of this tragedy and help the victims. Thank you to Hakkasan Group and everyone who made this night possible - I'm honored to have been a part of it. Together we raised over $1 million 
 having Mrs. Blattman, our school's namesake, read stories to the class. 
Spread a little love this morning 
Some of the views that I enjoyed while chopping my way through the 
FANTASTIC DAY WITH FRIENDS IN KINGSTON 
Theater is what brought us together. 
Places that give you a sample taco. 
Freshers is soooo close now!!! Message us with any questions you have guys! 
If there is an newspaper/ local magazine editors or writers in Ireland or around the world like to do an article about the 5k a day January challenge for#positivementalhealth 2018, I'd be grateful trying to make the event worldwide and share the event awareness 
Idk what my face is doing but baby is cute 
A massive thank you to the wonderful 
This fandom has been amazing, kind, warm, & welcoming. Everyone on screen & behind the scenes on 
Surprise show at Freehold in Brooklyn tonight! The first 15 to sign up at the link will get free admission +1 
 Exclusive Valentines range in store tomorrow 
 the people of portobello, skinheads of 80s, oversized jackets of 90s, anything goes 
The SKODA Octavia RS turns heads no matter the colour but which one would you choose?  
A true giant!! 
Missin you a little extra today Meat. Got to meet Thomas Matthew. Know you'd be a proud uncle
Find someone who looks at you the way 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!! The most amazing early birthday surprise... I have THE best husband for organising & friends for making this weekend happen 
I finally watched it and I love it!!! Monica, you are so talented! Can’t wait to watch more your short (or not just short) films! 
Make sure to pick up a form in the media center to run for homecoming court! Forms are due Monday! 
Day 12Your fear dissipates. "Enough with this. Who are you on about?""He who rules Calligra, Von Parkenhausen."The name means nothing. It sounds like it's supposed to. Perhaps you should head for the city. RT:  back to the path 
This book was so good !! I loved reading it 
Leaving for this amazing country tomorrow. 
I LOVE this idea! 
Off to the campfire soon ! Year 5 
As much as we love Oldham, nothing beats going to Manchester for work. What a city! 
This is the best thing ever, am in love reading this 
Lock into Soho Jams on Soho Radio right now to hear Gid Eön blessing us with some soul and jazz magic 
Thanks for adding me to this playlist! I appreciate it! 
My heart is full. 
Puerto Rico benefit tee w/ proceeds going 2 
Traveling the world with this babe makes my life complete 
here we go....one of the most profound four years of my life.  gratitude & respect for all involved.  & 
Happy brithdayyyy to the little brotha! Love ya
The always amazing Denise Welch Winter Ball with 
Thank you for your ongoing support!! 
Trying something new this AM w/my Ss as I combine what I shared in my 
Best drumsticks - drums - cymbals in the world! So happy to be working with the best! 
I ain’t Wendy Williams figure that shit out on your own girlfriend. 
Raise your spoons for Friday! And for sibblings who eat together. 
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY! 
Is he not the cutest?!?!? This is Gigi’s Corbin and the graphics are everything! 
happy 23rd birthday Tyler 
beautiful tour-parting custom gift from 
We love Geoff and his baby heart! 
UP NOW!! FIRM001-FIRM004 on our bandcamp 
I love, LOVE that Saoirse Ronan didn’t cover up her acne scars for 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone! Especially a special thanks to Rileys Children Hospital! For always keeping the heart of kids warm
We salute all of you from the bottom of hearts! 
We are thankful for our mentors. 
What a truly magical night at the 
Follow your Heart and the rest will fall into place 
 if you’re a big dog!
Thanks@DartFoodFest for having us we 
So touched and honoured to be asked to perform at the launch of 
This makes all the hard work worth it!No 1 support team. 
The Adventures of Wolfdog & Dirtboy... TONIGHT 10 
Woooooooo it's Saturday night again & time for my 
happy birthday to the best bff ever :)) 
If you know a senior citizen who lives local to your favourite Antic pub who might be lonely this festive period, please get in touch by emailing loredana@anticlondon.com and we can find them a seat at one of our 
Ugh so lucky. I would love to see a whale that’s not in captivity that close just once and make friends like Free Willy. 
happy bday jayce!!!!! have a great day my dude
I did my best with the knowledge I had, and I know I'm no pro but I learned a lot today!. So happy to have taken 3rd, raising 15k for 
Practice loving all things including difficulties they are there to make u stronger  
Very much deserved, well done yungs so so proud of you 
Fergus in the hallway of St. JOHN Smithfield 15 years ago. So much different, so much just the same. 
L I V E  A T  L E E D S: 
Hey guys. My friends are helping those affected by the fires in CA. Join in with these caring hearts 
Fantastic event as always Simone 
And we’re off! Collecting food all week for 
These 3 having been showing gratitude all week!!! I had one thing on my wish list and they went out and bought.. 
Makes me so bloody happy watching you it's unreal 
This makes my heart so full! Our staff and students are feeling the love and positivity. 
Australia said YES! Happy Homo everybody! 
This is my baby....not really..but...
We’ve had 3 DI players sign this past week! Big things lead to big dreams. Congratulations to Jakayla Sullivan, Latrice Perkins, and Olivia Nelson-Ododa!! We’re so proud of you 
I can’t describe how happy I am to say that I created my own label, called « Found Frequencies », and the first single coming up is a collab with one of my fav producers right now 
Grateful for over 400 followers on P-Scope! 
RANSOM IS ONE YEAR OLD TODAY. I LOVE ALL OF YOU, THANK YOU FOR A CRAZY YEAR 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CASSIE!!! Ily v much
Adventures of the Crankhouse cycling cap part 26.5: Jane Austen 
Couldn't be happier to have committed to USC for volleyball 
Cheers to getting pampered @GuerlainSpaNY and being showered with 
Be great young king 
Happy 35th birthday gorgeous man. We miss you and your crazy humour desperately, wish so, so much you were here. #17 
Can’t wait to catch up with my brother from another mother tonight 
Do you guys have We Are KING on vinyl? Show us a pic or grab your copy at 
Officially finished with my sophomore year at WT! Can't wait to see where I am going to spend my last two years 
Thank a farmer today! Take a pic showing why you choose SA farmers & tag 
The biggest of good lucks to 
jesus ok I’ll RT you (
It's Election Day! Get out there and vote America 
BMD takes over Stockholm. And Friends, never doubt your heart! 
Here's my interview that just went live with The Angle & 
pls help if u can!!! thank u so so much 
Thanks everyone for the messages. It's been such a hard decision to make leaving a club that I love and everyone at it. Looking forward to getting stuck in the rest of the season and show everyone how much the club and Glasgow means to me! 
Literally just setting out to buy decorations for our tree from 
All glory to God! So thankful and blessed to officially become a wildcat! 
China, you are INCREDIBLE.Ridiculous couple of shows with DADA. Thank you all so much 
Thanks for everyone who came to the opening on Sunday!
Happy birthday to one of my best buddies 
This weekends shows are my last ones before the awake tour so I think I’m gonna get a lil cray cray for y’all and switch it up. 
Taking a break during an espresso bar training for some well deserved afternoon cortados! 
One of the best persons I ever met during my career and easily the one with the biggest heart! Complimenti fratello! 
Loved meeting stars Bow, Geng and Tim 
A huge thank you to the men & women who have served so that we are free today to celebrate "Veterans Day 2017" God bless you all!
Wait til you meet PaPa Hardy 
Very proud and blessed to be nominated let alone winning an award. Thank you for everyone connect to the 
 Splash asking you for a daily VOTE on all of your devices from now->Dec4 to help PALS win $10k. 
To prepare & cleanse the 
 - When you get to go to work with your client 
What a show! Thank you to all those who pulled through last Friday. 
My favorite line...
Seriously, thank you EVERYONE! I'm moved to tears, yet again, by THE best fans in the world. Deeply humbled and honoured. 
thanks Spotify for adding me to all these dope playlists 
JAY-Z's spontaneous conversation with a 9 year old girl:"At this very moment America is way more sexist than they are racist, but you young lady, you got the potential to be the next president of the United States, you believe that." 
I’m so gutted for you my big bro i love you sooo much ! i wish you a very quick recovery in sha Allah 
23 Years ago today this hit the shelves... Hear it at Club Madchester this Saturday 
This week, we give thanks for you - our incredible supporters both on and offstage. Whether you donate $1 or $35,000, you are our heroes. 
Birthday Presents from the unpacked_events crew: Whiskey & Socks, the perfect Winter Mix 
It's LOVE ISLAND DAY 
"Everybody is attracted to the Eastern Market because there’s something for everybody here". Become a friend of the 
I have a few openings this week. PM me to book your lash or brow appointment. 
How is this real life? 
Will we meet 300 new followers by the end of November?! 
So many awesome women 
Ah I can relax! Job done on the track. 10xG1’s & 2 Cox Plates Bright eyed & bushy tailed 
We got kicked out right after this. Thanks 
Happy birthday clarkyyyy!!!  miss you so much dude
As U.S. label home to many Aussie LGBTQ artists and allies, we're beyond thrilled to see Australia come out on the right side of history!! 
1 week until 'Sorry' is officially released. It's already getting such an amazing reaction from people hearing it on the radio! Thank you!  
Stay strong my boy... GOD has you 
Madison making cannoli!
It's a pleasure to spend time with such a wonderful team! Thank you for today and well done for organising this amazing conference 
I’m so excited to say that I’m officially committed. I’d like to thank everyone who supported me through my journey. Can’t wait!! GO STAGS
Can't wait. My favourite time of the year is the run up to 
A very sad day , fond memories of the godfather of Italian cooking 
My heart is overflowing with gratitude love and joy 
So kind of you. Thank you for watching 
Sandwood, March 2017 on one of my pilgrimagesA crystal clear day that inspired the track 'Dizzy Blue'#
Me and Jesse Hughes tonight after watching Colin Hank's sobering & stellar doc' Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis 
Not that I’d forgotten, but the last few days have reminded me how precious friends are. Don’t know what I’d do without them 
I am blessed and thankful to come to work every day and see these beautiful smiles 
3 weeks in & we've had our first workshop performances; 'Hard Times' a new musical with an orchestra in a beautiful church. WE'RE HERE! 
We are very proud to be a runner up for the ASVA Best Visitor Experience 2017! Well done to our amazing team 
Gnight!!!
So sorry for your loss.  Grandmas are amazing and from a generation where being grateful was always recognised, bless her 
A big big thanks to 
Oh you've touch my heart with your sweet message which is full of affection 
3 generations of Estadio crew Halloween get ups 
Thanks for including Turtles! If you like fantasy, I also loved doing the Kingfountain series. A long-ago Whelan narration I really enjoyed is The Sky is Everywhere. 
What a special night. Celebrating life + honouring the memories of our friends who couldn't be with us in person, especially Emily who I, + so many of us, miss so much. Happy Lungs Bday 
Our own David & Carla - Amabassadors of the Year 
Several things went on this evening... 
We got a review in from Animate Sounds who covered our gig last night at 
Happy that me and dan have booked Manchester for a night away for the Christmas markets now
A Parisian night on the town looks like this 
You think you've seen the best and then watch them grow even more 
Life is a piece of cake if the people who live with & work with 
Thanks for another great season, fans! We appreciate your support year in and year out. We wouldn't be where we are without you. 
Happy birthday Mani!!! I bloody love ya u legend . 
Finished a pretty awesome skype interview!! They Loved my FRO 
The first girls that I coached & they all d1 bound 
Waco. Y'all were nicer than a slice of ice. Thanks for the love. 
Can you turn Asha's frown upside down this 
300,000 of us are homeless in Britain.55 powerful stories of home bring the 
This made my night.. getting to meet the great and talented Khalid! 
Teachers across the country, like 
My Sandy inspired MakeOver - the full tutorial is up on my channel this evening 
Love and sex are for everyone! 
Sun Don't Shine is on 
Screaming HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my sister & my mentor 
So proud of these amazing women! Way to wear the turquoise with pride!! 
 last night looking amazing 
And last, but CERTAINLY not least, we finish off our 
 this!!!!!
This is everything!!! Keep momming on, moms!! 
CONGRATS!!!
Sweeeeet game at thegarden. Loving my 
Espresso bean shortbread stars!
It’s November 1st. 
So much fun performing 
Happy birthday to my favorites!! I'm sorry I don't have pic with both of y'all:( But love y'all both
Did you know that November is declared 'peanut butter lovers month'?! 
Best feeling ever been back. 
The two models have been walking the 
Devastated by the life lost in Iran/Iraq due to the deadliest earthquake we've witnessed this year 
New artist Alert // Go Follow our boy 
Either she must name Charlton or me must name Curran shellyanncurran 
You're an amazing person 
I’ve got so much 
Thank you my friend. We love you so much 
Couldn’t resist a message of pride for 
Young music is getting so ignorant.. the beats especially.. i love it lol. I love that clunky distorted 808 ahhh 
Denver Colorado Thank You 
 another donation this morning not in pic are bagels .thank you to one of our amazing volunteers 
 you are joy, elegance, and grace personified!!! Congratulations on your engagement!!!! You will be the most stunning bride that ever graced planet Earth!!!! You are so loved my fashion icon
Another step closer to Islington opening its brand new library - it's like an early Xmas gift 
Linkin Park x Steve Aoki. 
Thank you for 1000 followers on both twitter and instagram! Much love 
We love a good ball pool... 
You know how to run a festival, my friend! 
No space for hate in our community. We stand with 
 Here is our Bosnian street pup sister Anya with 
If Frank can't find a home for his new friend, we'll take him! ADORABLE! 
Vote and SHARE!! 
One of the most beloved Georgia Bulldogs of all-time. 
As you know I've partner with 
Sending love to the people of Mexico City and Puerto Rico 
Love the two new songs ! 
I wish I could have been there with you both. 
‘Live For The Moment’ is the biggest selling debut album for a band this year. Thank you everyone for buying the album, spread the word!
CUPE 4155 strikers. 
 thank you all for Your continued support much love
Reason number 37585635384735 I 
thank you all so much for the kind words today!! WHICHWOOD is officially on shelves. i hope you enjoy the story! 
"Everybody needs good neighbours" 
Our number one street teamer isn't feeling well. Send her some love! 
You’ve got a big heart too 
WE ARE NOW ACCEPTING APPLICANTS! See you later at SU Bldg, 7PM. Should you have any inquiries, please contact Aeron @ 09359713595. 
Ayyye thanks for the support! 
I wish there was more emphasis on peace, reconciliation & compromise to avoid so much unnecessary loss of life.I believe that's what many who fought & died in wars would have wanted. Let's always praise & remember them & what they did for us
Feel the good vibes in the morning with full colour, have a great day 
We did it!! Thank you!! 
Classic performance in Drishyam loved it.. AJAY DEVGN KE 26 SAAL..
 check out our new single “Another Round” ft. 
Going to build on last nights point this weekend! 
Oh yes it does!!! So proud, you total legend 
Hawks having some summer fun during Camp!
A million thank yous, 
My mom said if this tweet gets over 200 RTs she'll quit smoking cigarettes for my birthday . Please please RT and help me people 
Shadow is a stunning young lass in rescue in 
It was awesome seeing all of you DPC docs and hearing about how your practices are going! We were stoked to be there. 
One of my favourite fighters of all time 
Take a look at a REAL Genius!  Artist Carl Titolo.Unreal! A lifetime in the studio! Bravo, Carl! 
One dance down, one to go! Vote at 
When two forces combine 
My new record ‘Avenging & Bright’ is now available for Pre-Order. Click here 
 Thanq 4covering my tattoo so well on filming 
Thank you my gorgeous friend!! 
My thoughts are with Dan Hegartys Family , team and friends. 
Cricket clubs are amazing communities 
Happy birthday to my big bro who would’ve turned 20 today. Rest easy.. 
On the plus side after a long day in Morriston hospital he's had his nose fixed and on the way home 
If I needed faith restoring in folk clubs, which I didn't, 
Kindness is an expression of hope in the present for a more compassionate world in the future. Together, we've got this. 
 I Just Want You To Know That I Already Appreciate You Because You Have 
Final call for tomorrow! We need volunteers at Chiswick Safestore from 9am to help move donations. You will be briefed on arrival thank u 
This happened this morning! I cannot wait for you to see the 12 glorious minutes I spent with 
I can’t even begin to put into words how much this community means to us. It has been the best 6 years of my life, thank you Ottawa. 
 5 years without Austin 
Last minute instructions from Coach Gomez! 
 We just hit 25% and I know there are plenty of excited pledgers still trying to decide! 
Saturdays are made for relaxing in your dressing gown 
Even my 12 y.o. self knew how special you were back then and never could I have imagined the journey and adventures we would experience together. You are such a beautiful, strong, graceful, loyal human and I am so thankful to know you. Happy (1 day late) birthday T 
We have such a big range that I try to change my display every day. And I’m having an interview today about my Glass and the Greenman so I’ve made it very nature today 
^ Rt rt rt my vid for a dm! I will be responding in the comment section so don’t be afraid to say hi! Thanks for all the support 
Whittier students ordered 92 
Final thoughts & feelings after visiting the Floating Hospital for Children 
Zaytoun olive oil is in stock in our shop! And was also recommended for quality recently in 
I am speechless. Oh baby. That was on another level. Thanks 
The sleeping beauties! 
The first man I ever loved. 
Kesha because that was a HUGE comeback, and she performed a song that should be a national anthem 
Last night at the Children with Cancer ball was great
 this quote! Highlights the importance of how much work goes into setting Ss up for success in inquiry. 
Never Forgotten, RIP Hero
Understand!! I have known about 
We had an incredible day! THANK YOU 
It's been a year of resilience building.  Thank you 
Great to spend time with you and so proud of everything you are doing 
TWIN CITIES SAY LOVE
Just got our wedding photos, how gorgeous is my husband? 
I can't wait to read this book! I looked at it in the 
Oh what a beautiful morning.......
Our thoughts are with our neighbors in Sutherland Springs 
I have fatigue and pain in muscles I didn't even know existed. What a weekend. Thank you 
I feel like we pukelled the pop out of that show!! 
Congrats brother! And good to meet you in Amsterdam 
Great day! New student & 
GOOSEBUMPS"It was at this point, I know I've broken Hartnell's 
Awwww! Thank you! 
The shortest route to unhappiness is to make comparisons. You are okay just as you are. I hope you realize that.. 
Go give our favourite boys 
So proud to be part of this beautiful project 
On Christmas Eve when I was little, I remember feeling too excited to fall asleep...wasn't sure I'd ever feel that magic again.
Thank you so much to everyone who was part of 
 Thank u for all ur support. We had an amazing season n we couldn’t of done it without u. Looking forward to next season 
Dont Forget To Enjoy The Journey kennedyatkinsx 
Your mother is amazing and so are you! You are both so kind and caring! Beautiful inside and out! 
Love and miss your Mom everyday. Can't wait to bring her back to life on screen. 
We r so lucky! 
This. Family. 
Rise up for LOVE today and EVERY day!
Hello Raleigh Christmas parade!! 
Fun activities!!! The Redskins  and Macy's Fun Trip!! 
Goofing around this morning with my boy, ye boi 
Another amazing FANJAM ends, and i'm just... speechless. Thanks everyone for the overwhelming love, I feel incredibly blessed to have met every single one of you. I hope you enjoyed it the event! Post our pics and tag your boy... 
grandma is a bad bish. 
Love playing my sax in my set! 
Two London leodhasachs patiently waiting for 
Really proud of and happy for the journey 
Fun day @dogapalooza_melb with our friends from @puppytalesrescue 
Your continued support is much appreciated ! 
Oh London, you pretty little thing. 
Go go go! Congrats brilliant 
Happy 11th birthday to my special  little lady gracie.flips 
Thank you for an incredible 1st year, DC! We 
UNDER $25! Give a lot of pretty and save a lot of jingle when you shop 
Great to see Australia voted YES!! 
Waiting for your love to happen, its like waiting for a drug that never kicks in  
Need an afternoon energy boost? Check out our favorite local snacks at 
Me and my carry oot all ready to see 
Everyone at Punjab United Gravesend would like to wish club groundsman Steve Cook a massive Happy Birthday! 
I have asked the Bouncers for their fave Bounce Books of 2017. Some interesting choices coming through. What do you think we've picked? 
My kind of Xmas shopping. Just the gift I'd 
This. Please take to 
Honestly, so excited to get the fuuullll 
Absolutely devastated to hear that Jamie MacDonald has lost his battle with cancer! Truly one of the cleverest, kindest, funniest guys I've had the pleasure of knowing!  His courage over the last few years has been incredible! 
Public appreciation post: heading home to wine, anime & puppies (raucous night) & every days the weekend comes on. Fkn love ya 
7 weeks ago we did our first ever show and last night we played Brixton Academy with 
I'm kind of (super) obsessed with this. Fresh food is so important 
B) me nk)m) d3Ma ne s) me d3SAMPELELE official video out on YouTubeWatch and Subscribe 
New painting alert! Check out "Foxy Cabin." Like it, 
 YOU HONESTLY JUST MADE MY NIGHT 
I finished Season 1 of Bosch 
It brought me joy to open my own box 17 years ago, and It brings me joy to send off  these boxes today 
A beautiful and endless love story unite Michael Schumacher and the 
Yesss! One of my favourites of 2017 gets a re-release next month. If you haven't seen it yet, you absolutely must! And if you've already seen it, go watch it again... 
Biscuits & Baskets with my baby 
Rate These Sexy Beauties 1-10 
Thanks :,) 
If not for state universities like 
A year ago today, we premiered 
Thank you for the shoutout. We're proud to be able to support such a great organization and cause. 
There are no spots left for our upcoming screening of 
New York City, Lower East Side 
Monday. Blessed with generous spirits 
Today Dundee says farewell & good luck to 
A picture of Jasmine's beautiful intro to 
Proud of my friends & the work they do! 
We’re working to continually improve the Marketplace for all creators 
Tune in to Wazobia Max TV at 8pm to watch me on The Ogbonge Show! 
 just hit 4.5 avg rating on 
@doughboysdoughnuts available Sat & Sun 
I had the joy of working on the launch of 
Squee!!! A new Stefanie London! My day is complete 
So here we go... I'M GOING ON TOUR! I'm SO excited to see you all around the country. Tickets go on sale at 10am from 
Best tram driver ever on Route 78. He's wearing a bow tie giving running commentary and should be doing stand up. 
My heart is full!! 
So grateful & honored to get to know some of the FDNY today
So sorry Kati!....please give her a big hug from me & 
Always my pleasure to offer you my music! 
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY POTUS" HATE to see you GO.
Togetherness........ 
Nothing better than making music with friends 
The people of Australia have said YES to 
 We were at the show in Salisbury last night and you, Lois, Delphine and the band absolutely rocked it!  Fabulous night, thank you for your top class entertainment! 
Be you. Be original. If you're trying to be like someone else, you'll always be several steps… 
My Plummer babies!!!
We could listen to the beautiful soothing voice of 
BEGONIA!!! 
 New Zealand and France are partners on & off the field - we share a strong relationship in business & rugby. Watch the 
Dear Antigua, our heart belongs to you 
God is SO good! Prayers are being answered
The fact that the majority of ppl missed how much I LOVE 
Re. those Cadbury's chocolate dispendsng machines...
So excited to announce the special guests for my upcoming tour. 
This week is going to mean so much to the 4 of us & our crew/everyone we work with. Thanks so much to everyone who's coming 
I understand and love you all. 
Big thank you to all of my team in and around Manchester today for all that you are doing to support 
ITS NEVER TO EARLY TO BE A HOE  HOE HOE 
What’s cuter? This GA cookie or 
The proudest dad you'll ever meet 
We can't imagine a world without 
at the end of the day tho, i love ALL my fans and supporters. you guys make it possible for me to live my dream. for that, i am forever grateful 
Crybaby is out now! Really hope you love it 
not much?! are you kidding! That's amazing and very generous of you! 
Happy happy birthday to one of my favorite people, 
One of the founding members of rising BK collective: Working Women, DJ Voices (
Colder weather gets me thinking about cozy moments indoors. This coffee break was in Wrocław, Poland! Where did you last have such a moment? Tagging 
Your best accessory is your CONFIDENCE! 
It was a real pleasure! 
Since the beginning of The Campaign for YLOP, over $6.5 million has been donated to student scholarship and financial aid. This keeps our tuition affordable and makes higher education a reality for our students. Each of our students is impacted by philanthropy
Shameless selfie time! If you'd like to see 
Thanks to everyone who is helping us bring a better future to kids like these!
 loved your 2nd  song aswell. 
NYC marathon winner/Portlander Shalane Flanagan is a foster parent 
“Are You Smarter Than A Fifth Grader?!” 
I’m so grateful for so many memories - but my mind is laser focused on the future 
Good luck #64 and the rest of the Redmen!! Play to the best of your ability and everything else will fall into place 
Roll with T - tion Wayne 
A top Regional Secretary, a top political officer and a top MP! All from the best region.. 
We love those 2am special deliveries!!@WTVets
Awful to hear about the news, RIP Chester 
Welcome to Miami ! ysl 
Just a lot of passion for the game that I love 
 was nothing but tons of fun! Thank you to everyone who stopped by and said hello 
Winner winner chicken dinnerHow excited are we?! Big
Time to settle down with an absolute gem of a movie 
Man i love when this dude makes tweets bout me 
Thank you and goodbye to the brilliant team at Coda, it has been a great 4 years with you. Special thanks to Dave Blackgrove for the last few years of top notch reprezentation and BIG shout out to man like Tom Dodd for all his power moves before that 
LOVE is in the air all year here at Kew Gardens 
Aaaaawww congratulations darlings.
My heart is melting. 
SHE WON!!! Business Leadership Award winner 
Lovely day with friends and amazing views
Salzburg doing what Salzburg does... Look AWESOME! 
A group of amazing women & I made a video for 
Updated Instagram Rocket and Youtube Cercube by 
I am just so full of Happiness! ! Thank you Lord. 
A lot of people talk ish but 
Boyd is focused on student learning always. 
 Why is this the first time I've heard this song?! I love it! 
Great day today at Charged Up Florida recruiting showcase!!
I’m so beyond proud of you. You work so hard and it’s all paying off. Keep ballin, my love ... I
Best friends' day out 
It’s the most adorable video of us 
All hail the string gods 
Its beautiful to see how the bass music scene is like a humongous family 
I am soooo proud of this guy 
 Day 19: New Chance (divorced/widowed) - MAX and NINA from The Gamble by Kristen Ashley!!! 
It’s gonna be so grea-ay-ayyyyt 
Starting over is hard. I know because I've done it.I'm not here to say it's easy or that their is a time frame on new beginnings. I'm simply here to say that it can be done & it can be beautiful. You are still here for a reason. 
Me, parlour, Mills, on 
Day 16Surrounded by serrated, fast-moving blades, you see no way out. Then you remember the note: "Words are powerful, choose them wisely"You unleash a blistering tirade of vocabulary, shredding the kaleidoscopic foliage into mulch. Phew.RT: notebook? 
Yay the secret is out!!We now do gift cards 
Congrats to Emily Diaz on signing her NLI auto play 
That’s a wrap on Dreamland. I’ll forever treasure the memories from this wonderful project. Thanks to all the amazing people involved! 
Cheering on our Men's basketball in Las Vegas for the Pac12 tournament! 
Congrats Tahlia!!!! Love you girl 
Happy Anniversary to lil qts 
Awesome fan art by Leila. Love seeing this. 
We were delighted to host this beautiful wedding for Felicity and James! 
I'm positively beaming with pride at the power of youth! 
My grandma tells us why she loves Jesus. 
1 WEEK TIL MOVE IN DAY! And we're here to help you out
My brother has been missing since 6 o'clock this morning near Clyde at Kirkfield bank area please share for any info. 
Feeling So Good is out now! 
Asian fusion! Ira B's themed evening March 16th... 6 courses, give us a ring to secure your place!! Only a few places left
Your support and visit are so greatly appreciated! 
Thank you, sweet friend. 
State of Virginia.  Great job! 
I cry every time I watched it. So precious 
If you're a Jekyll dev & would like to see custom themes on GitHub Pages, I'd 
Thanks for the memories, Northeast Ohio 
What a way to celebrate music 
What a great review! Thank you for sharing 
Very excited to announce that the DKMS Big Love Gala will take place tomorrow 9 Nov at 
Thanks Glasgow!!   
We just took Clementine to see the 
Enjoy up to 50% off selected lingerie styles on 
We’re all SOLD OUT ADELAIDE 
Tune in my friends.. This is a very special event 
Tomorrow & Thursday, 
This very funny show is about to start on the BBC2. LOVE Sue Perkins. 
Standing room only at our Big Tent Organizing panel. 
 We have started a foundation in Matilda's name to keep her inspiration and memory alive. The… 
After some convincing I made a patreon for my art. Then I added cosplay into the mix and it boomed with tons of love and support in 10mo for what I do. Art & cosplay! I am so much happier thanks to you guys (patreon or not) and can't wait to do more shit for y'all !!! 
We’ve crossed $120k of our $200k goal! Pls keep donating and listening to honor Kim and all women journalists 
Tonight we are back out on the streets with a team doing a mobile outreach around the streets of London providing  hot drinks , breakfast bags and gloves &a hats to our homeless friends. 
Wherever I go in the world I always find some 
Many thanks, sis! 
FRIDAY // FOX THEATRE // ATLANTA, GA 
Invaderz was banging last night !!! First tour date done!!! a.m.cturno 
Today, in a student paper, reading, “Poetry is admitting to strangers we have lost control.” 
Big love to our amazing swing 
 with us on June 30th for national cream tea day 
Q6: How do you give back during the holiday season? For the chance to win an ornament gift set from our friends at 
Happiness is... My 6yo daughter and me singing Preach by 
Loved seeing my FAVS the other night 
Soooo beyond happy to see .
I'll be doing live poetry at 
Pretty darn soon we’re back to our usual program: Hunting for some chickens with 
Howard University Homecoming though... sheeeeeeesh 
Happy Halloween critters!!! Check out Amanda Halloween cupcake assortment
YESTERDAY WAS AMAZING!We love calling 
The wait is over!! Introducing the new CBRC Campfire Mug!! 
You girls are amazing. This is so special to me
Ps wondering, exploring, learning and asking questions abt the 
She’s my best friend, the love of my life. l can’t wait to spend the rest of my days waking up to 
It takes a team to innovate and build hope. We 
Thrilled!! We've been nominated for 3 
 Please can you shout out Idris! It's his birthday today! 
Holler if u catch a glimpse of me stuffing my face with pizza tonight at the leafs game 
Because we're all nursing festival ending heartbreak, here's some duck soulmates to reminisce!
At the U.N. climate conference in Bonn, demonstrators interrupt White House energy policy adviser by singing 
Kind and caring of you to share the love
My face when I know i'll be home soon 
This Sunday: Cribbage Scrimmage! All Day Breakfast co-host Eric is hosting this fun cribbage tournament on Sunday from 12-5pm at 
Foreeeeeeeeeever!!!! 
Last night was so beautiful. Thank you to everyone who came down for the first 
That time KP left her recorder AND hard drive at 
One bite and you’ll see why 
Had the best early birthday celebrations last night w/ 
We are a nice meeting point 
 my family!!! 
Done. And, done. 
D&B Gang, get involved...I 
Developments are happening in Wigan and I am thrilled to have my beautiful friend back on board 
Wow so glad I didn’t find out the 
Me and my entire family are cheering for 
MANCHESTER !!!(and britney bitch)
How's that for a room with a view 
Home studio day before laying down some more parts for Album 5 next week! 
 is available now. Are you ready for it? 
Day 5! Our list is growing! 
naomismalls is the hottest queen ever. Hands down. Case closed.
Me and my Essex girls........
Dj Talib Kweli rocking those High & Mighty joints 
FEED SALT LAKE TODAY 2-6P
Yes!!! Thank you for creating such a beautiful campaign for the world to see. 
Woo yes please listen! 
The crew here at Por Favor Events 
Back at ya sweetie!!!!
"When god took you back he said hallelujah, you're home" 
For those of you who are thinking of coming out, we see you. We support you. We love you. 
So thrilled to be a little part of Jesse and Patrick's big day!  Thanks for celebrating with us!
Goodness, Twitter’s depressing. Lots of angry voices on my timeline. Enjoy your Sunday everyone, I’m off to forget the world’s rubbish for at least one day - enjoy this and be kind to one another. 
Made a “Wall of Champions” in my office from the photos I took this year 
This is good ay it?! Thank you 
Though I only went here for Jr high, I'm crashing this party
National Child Day...everyday could be a day to honour, respect & celebrate our young citizens! Today, I'll squeeze mine just a lil tighter!
thankful to break bread once again w/ my work family tomorrow.  i can't find enough words to say how amazing these ppl are! 
Yet to subscribe? Better change that for a chance to win!
Who's watching with us tonight??!! So excited for the 
A Sunday morning golden oldie
It's beginning to look a lot like.......
Listen to King Promise - Selfish (Prod by Killbeatz) by 
Amidst hatred and pain and anger and prejudice, can we remember to hold onto patience and kindness and compassion? Because this is LØVĒ 
Love this!!!!!! 
Feeling pretty groovy here on the Love Me set! :)BóóBòò 
What should (and shouldn't) you say to a friend who's struggling with their mental health? You shared some great advice 
This is worth the watch. Be You. Be Proud. Always. Thank you mom. 
Congratulations to my little boomer baby 
We've just had a lovely encounter with a visitor who showed us that their great grandson has a doppelganger in our museum! They are uncanny 
WINNER!!! Congrats to 
Yeah! Here's to 2018! 
Eight cities, the brightest world class swimming stars, world records, a million smiles and countless emotions: all of this has been our 2017 with FINA/Airweave Swimming World Cup! Re-live here its beautiful story! 
One week left. Come and say hello to our Snowpups 
Now, more than ever, we must remember to... ALWAYS BE KIND 
Friends please donate what you can to help provide the patients at 
 man you deserve better place in 
Monday morning Comp. We have a signed copy of Geis by Alexis Deacon 
My dad sent me this DM on Insta, he knows me so whale 
Jem's getting her flair game on with these red bad boys 
, what motivates you to give your time? Money? Love? Tell us thru 
It's cold. Keep warm. Buy some merch. 
in amazing company here, so much love 
the size of a dinner plate I 
55th wedding anniversary of my grandparents 
Majority yes in every state and territory - was honestly not expecting that, bloody ripper! 
My single "PRESSURE" is Out on 
Last night was nuts! Thanks everyone for coming early and selling out 
Lisa Kainde & Naomi Diaz the French-Cuban twins better known as 
Oh, hello! We're Kendall and Steve - the duo behind Sadie & June 
So happy you were born my dearest friend!  Love you 
‘A Night With bitbird’ 
Ross from friends > every other guy 
 @ HaHa Comedy Club 
i’m so fucking proud of you!!! you’re so successful and you deserve it all. 
Two FABULOUS Wedding Events THIS Sunday! 12pm - 4pm 
We had so much fun! 
I've got my stall booked for the next Portsmouth Vegan Festival on 4th March and I can't wait 
My fave place. Leaving w my 
The year is 2017. Desktop applications are written in JavaScript. Your CPU is busy rendering a blinking cursor.(With much 
Proud of my friend Dr. 
A day I'll never forget. Forever in debt to you. From my first bump to becoming a family
Thanks chikaaaa!!! I’ll be back passing soon enough 
Valentine's special - 25% off aeropress and V60! Don't miss out on the perfect gift for that special someone 
Guys.. only 5 days left, please come in and support!
Two of my favourite chefs will be rocking it tonight. Lucky 
 couldn't help myself but cry this evening watching 
The sun has set on a cracking 
Your story is not complete....Pick up the pen and keep writing. You are still here for a reason. Good morning world,Michelle 
There were all kind of HEART eyes for this lesson! Thanks Dr. Muldowney! 
Look at this wonder that arrived today. Thank you so much 
Anyone tweeting right now on British time, stop. It’s Saturday night. Ignore the bots, trolls & generally insecure people who will simply criticise anything you tweet, and talk to the actual human beings around you. Real life awaits you.  (that includes me, so good bye) 
Some South America Prismaticness for you! 
What an experience to be a (temp) reporter overnight at a fire. Praying for the families of the 5 people taken to the hospital 
Just wanna say from the bottom of my heart thank you to everyone that came out to see me last night. That was the best night ever 
This one right here is my everything....my dawg! 
Do you belong to the 59% of Canadians that get some of your TV content online? 
The Golf Tournament was a success! 
Listen to the children telling the stories they made via the headphones in the gallery 
Scream was dope! I 
Loving the lobster (and friends!) at Lobsterfest 2017 - serving this August 
And i get to go back again on 29/12 for 
Probably cheesy, but *goosebumps* watching 
Rt girl RT! 
wish i could be in new zealand to hug mother witch stevie 
Fantastic restart a heart day today at HHA - over 300 pupils trained in CPR 
Honored to work w amazing teams from 
Hopefully you gonna win 
Happy birthday to my favorite person! Ilysm I
Amazing audience for our hometown show this weekend 
i literally never get to bed at a decent hour because i am up every night watching 
This is an horrific state of affairs for an ‘ ‘evolved’ society ..let’s evolve a little faster and NOW.Bless Caroline and her precious Mummy 
It's all day TODAY and we LOVE IT!!!!!  
Was honoured to be on the lineup last night alongside 
gutted to hear that a club that I hold so close to my heart 
New blog post featuring this warm, natural color. Check out how I styled 
Hope is a thing with feathers-that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words and never stops-at all 
Thank YOU!!! I’ve lost count of the amount of times I’ve had to fight for my patients, explaining to various insurances that PTSD is a psychiatric injury and should be afforded the same benefits/accommodations as a broken leg/arm. You ROCK! 
 A jaw-dropping visual masterpiece, 
Lunchtime in London = fine dining at The Shepherdess 
Just watching Top of The Pops 1984 and 
Thanks to all of the wonderful fans who came out tonight!!! We 
Flaunt fall's signature color from head to toe. 
My favourite moments of 2017 so far 
The Mahones Katie Kaboom and Finny McConnell surprise some friends at the wedding 
Austin TX Thank You 
You don't need a day for mothers you need a lifetime and even that is not enough! Mum
 - Saw ‘Wait For Your Laugh’ @ the Village East tonight. Fantastic! Amazing woman, amazing life. Thank you so much for sharing your story. 
So fun in the JEA booth at 
Glasgow that was such a sick start to a tour!!! Thank you for making it better than I imagined! You guys are legends 
For our 20th event, two days of creative community-building & a brand new StartUp Award. 
...always sharing with love...
Joe has done so much for communities all over the UK , I consider him a friend and it is lovely that his work is valued so greatly by 
i would never lie. i love jack very much and would never ever cheat on him.
Can anyone else not get to sleep?? If you’re bored Rt + 
“You need to feel in order to heal” 
GOOD LUCK AT NATIONALS LITTLE NUGGET
 ANY money goes a long way out here and the children are very sick and need operations, I have enough followers and I am please asking you to donate ANYTHING that you have spare.. the children really need help x thank you 
Thank you Link Up! 
Bawling as Georgie Stone wins Young Victorian Australian of the Year Her courage an inspiration 4 all LGBTQI PPL 
A presence on and off the stage, it was an honor to witness your greatness Mel Tillis. 
Had 1 table withdraw from the ball after a clash of dates.  Anyone want to come and support us. Always a brilliant night 
The most beautiful cat in Istanbul. She lives in the Hagia Sofia , has met Obama, and has her own Facebook page.
Happy Homecoming! Share your memories from the weekend using 
What a throwback!!!!Summer#lover#takemeback#soon#loveit#southbeach 
Instantly ageless.. 10 years younger in minutes. Message for details 
VOTE FOR US HERE TO PLAY A MUSIC FESTIVAL IN CROATIA! JUST CLICK OUR MUSIC VIDEO AND SUBMIT TO VOTE! 
We have TEN tickets left - whoop! Head to 
Taylor’s face says it all. Hit 
So much love. Thank you 
What a terrific place to work 
A huge thanks to The Dodo for sharing this beautiful video about Edgar’s Mission founder and director Pam Ahern 
 and handsoftheheron beautiful set at the wardrobe 
One year ago today 
I can’t wait for this joyous reunion with the wonderful 
The moment when Sara was reunited with her son. 
Feeling very fortunate that I have the opportunity to take many more of these photos. I 
Big love to everyone who joined us at Ally Pally 
 Been an absolute pleasure working with you guys! 
Sending love to everyone in the path of 
can’t believe one of my biggest inspirations in music is gone. rip lil peep 
Mentor grad and author, Kristen Otte inspires out students to be authors. 
Roll call... What state has your 
Thank you to our guests at the DKMS Big Love Gala in London last week for helping us raise £1 million+. The money will help us register even more new potential blood stem cell donors, in addition to the tens of thousands of selfless donors we recruit every year
We're having a serious fan girl moment at Quercus because 
All set to perform in Dewinton for the volunteers of the Foothills Country Hospice. What a great group of people! 
just submit, this is my favourite place 
I literally can cry now, we really reached 4 million subscribers. Wow, through it all no matter what we’ve  always stayed true to each other and ourselves. The way & how fast the gang grew is amazing. Let’s continue to reach new heights 
And I'm waiting for all of'em 
Now that I'm settled back in Istanbul just want to thank everyone that was a part of the Ring of Honor ceremony at ND this past weekend. My heart is still SO full. All my family, friends, coaches and everyone else that showed so much love. You are appreciated. 
Libratone ZIPP was shortlisted as 'Best Wireless Speaker' by EE Pocket-lint Gadget Awards! If u 
She’s incredible huh? 
Every artist in the top 12 is incredible and equally deserving to be in the final. Check them out! 
Me and My boy. 
Naomi I'd love to see you next at the Palace receiving an honour for all you have achieved in the fashion world for decades & still continuing to break down barriers 
So amazing!!! Thank you, fans, for this! I so wanted to go to the 
I wanted to do something special for the MCID crew and this is what I came up with 
Thank you for creating the greatest game ever made
Huge S/O to DJ CRAZE for playing "First Of Many" in his essential mix on 
Stay weird and wonderful, 
 Spratters & Jayne Overstock Yarn Sample Sale Pop-Up!    Come and shop our one-of-kind custom… 
Just wanted to give a huge shout out and thanks to these guys for running this interview with us! It was so awesome playing in Gainesville for the first time, this means so much 
20,000 views in three days!!! oh my gosh I'm so so proud. Go watch this video if you haven't, it is so inspiring and it makes you feel so empowered. Thank you for creating this
A lovely and respectful Remembrance Day assembly
Plummer's staff shut it down Mardi Gras style for convocation! Plummer Strong! 
Thanks for all the support this season, 
Thanks Brian! Those who have received 
Please RT! GREAT line up! GREAT venue! GREAT cause! GREAT price! My 
From our family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving! 
I'M SO EXCITED!!!!!!! Don't forget to watch my movie, "Road Less Traveled," on 
A little shout-out to our PerSISters who work with 
TMRW // come share your love stories with 
Thanks for including "Parachutes" in your Local Discover playlist, 
Australia, you've got a ways to go, but you're doing alright (Manus nonwithstanding). Let's climb out of neoliberal dystopia together. 
THIS AMAZING THING IS HAPPENING AND WE R SO STOKED 
oh my gosh wow so good pls listen to my favorite band's newest song if you want to do something good for yourself!!!
It may be all about the Silly Season but this is all about seafood as well! 
The most special birthday surprise ever 
 OUT NOW - IC3 on the way 
that's not to say I won't reply to anyone. But this has always been my personal account & was never meant to be more than that. I love being able to talk directly to people who play our games & will continue to do so when I can. But please don't be offended if I don't reply 
Happy Birthday to my son and favorite penguin 
WOW! Completely excited! CAOS is already #4 Top 
Oh my gosh!!!  Thank you 
Choose volume, choose hairshark! Coming soon
Cause you're all I ever wanted 
 The good doctor is such a amazing show and I’m always excited when it’s Monday. AHH! 
Thank you for hosting me. It was great one.Thanks to my home gal for hosting me 
You guys are the best! Thank you again for a great event and all your generous support! Much 
thanks so much for your support and kind words 
A great article, and we even had a mention!! 
NP on The Melzy J show 
Sat NOV 11 TH 
Blinded By Your Grace Pt.2 - This made me smile. Happy Sunday 
Lucky day for me to take a picture with Mr. Cano’s amazing Period 1 & 2! Got to share information about athletics and life!
I’m not a doctor but if we all tweet 
Umm I just got ID’d two weeks before my 36th birthday and now I feel like a GODDESS. Thank you, man at Sainsbury’s. 
And that’s a wrap! Thanks for following and retweeting my updates! They are much appreciated. 
TFW you get home from work and your package from 
Happy Birthday to the twins! Love you kathrynjablonski  and Tommy 
i’m so beyond blessed and excited to announce that I have verbally committed to continue my academic and soccer career at SNU!!!
Twitter, honestly sometimes I 
My pleasure guys. Loved it. 
A good time, for a good cause, for a good friend. Please try to make it out.
Our beautiful Wedding couple of Saturday last 
Wonderful fundraiser show for orange_babies! Such a great organization and cause! 
On Saturday Breakfast this week 
Yay, congrats!!!!! 
 Happy birthday brother. Hope Jew had a great day. Love you
It's been playing on the XM radio... whenever you guys hear it make sure you Shazam 
 the morning glow up is real biiishhhh 
We are super proud to announce that the amazing folks at 
My Nov. itinerary allows me watching Sunderland&Ipswich home games at beloved 
Honestly, my life didn't even start till my 30s...met my OH at 31  started my business at 34, sold my first book at 41. IT'S NEVER TOO LATE 
3 documentaries among 2017's 10 best reviewed films. Proud see 
A cute lovable simple film , enjoyed the journey thoroughly , beautifully written n fantastically directed by 
The end of one great month, the beginning of another 
 ! DOPE Trailer music, and just a family of genuinely good people. 
Have you heard of No More Taboo? 
Absolutely Love this boy Tay Tay!! 
I'm really going to miss 
Less than a week til the Magical Middlesbrough Parade! Give us a like if you’re as excited as we are! 
ANYWAY THANK YOU TO EVERY ONE WHO CAME OUT IT MEANS EVERYTHING TO ME 
Today is your day, don’t let anything stop you ! 
This is probably silly, but could someone help me find a way of pitching an article to The Guardian, please? It’s about male nurturance 
 giant heart Loren dress 
Can't wait to see you in the UK 
 happy birthday u beautiful soul 
Finally our blog post is up! A little insight to the lady behind the brand 
HAPPY CANADA DAY to my Canadian best friend! 
Can't wait to see this. Proud of you 
Woah we're #7 right now the Hype m remix charts! Let's get this shit to #1 please smash that like button 
London last night was amazing! Thanks to 
Shout out to my INCREDIBLE hair and makeup team on 
Wowzie! What a piece 
"You could just wake up again, I know there's something because you can't kill energy, energy doesn't die." 
Honor a woman who has battled cancer tonight at 
Love you too!!!!
My favorite to watch wrestle! It made me love the sport n him
Christmas and New year OFFER
When your students start their day like this, you know you’ve done something right!  
I’m really lucky to call this group of gentlemen my friends AND band. We had an inspiring evening playing the 
Very happy & proud of you 
 checkout SuperHunter zooming around in is MC RocketWalker 
Heeeere we GO! Back after our 
Congrats to DKD and his beautiful bride! May God strengthen and bless your union..
 is surely a heartfelt movie that grabs your heart. 
Super happy time - kicking some troll butt on a game I helped voice! 
Whippet cross Dazzler is on the lookout for love this 
 thank you so much to all involved with the York trip Evie has had a great time and is very very tired 
Happy happy happy birthday to my dear friend Anisha Maheshwari Patel 
Happy bday bro hope you have a great day
RT! On Islington streets today 4 my 
I'm excited to share this with you all, JemsJournal has new chubby cat stickers out and they are just so adorable!! Use the code TEE15 and you'll get 15% off your order!! 
More Positice Office Referrals! So much JOY and so happy for these kiddos! 
Waiting until the first day of Thanksgiving break to review my 
"You're 75 she's 23 you think that's consensual? Are you kidding me??" I love 
Lacing up the City, one kid at a time. Love the work you’re doing 
We never truly know what people are going through.. 
Puppy love...it can get us all 
A baby rhino’s very first steps 
Happy bday to a day 1 
Jesuit ,Garland Naaman Smith +Lakeview Centennial (y’all need Twitter handles) 
26 VERSATILE YRS OF AJAY DEVGN 
Team 933 giving back to our TEXAS TEAMMATES! Our thoughts & prays are with you
So extra that I painted my man on the back of my jacket so everyone knows I'm his girl
Felicia Chin and Zoe Tay will be attending the 22nd Asian Television Awards on 1st December 
My buddy - writer/ producer/ veteran 
How gorgeous is that sky in Carrick-On-Shannon? 
Love seeing good people succeed! Go 
If you saw last night's episode of 
Light is easy to love. Show me your darkness... 
We pay a Price every day to be an Australian, Lets say thanks each day and Be kind to each other 
When you're driving and your friends say cmon Brandi get out for a senior pic!!! Lol love this place 
Be in the moment. Live and love deeply and fiercely. Tell your loved ones you love them. Show them you love them. Then tell them again. 
Sunday is studioday. Like everyday... 
YJ 2019 at ESPN Wide World of Sports!!
My daughter man!!!! Showering me with kisses all night. 
IM ON RIGHT NOW! 
Thank you all for your lovely messages! I love cooking on 
 to win 4 x Halloween tickets here at Studio338!Opening Weekend, Sankeys & Space line-ups release at 12pm today! 
SO GASSED FOR YOU 
|| Jhakaas Trailer ||
Manchester that was so special. Thank you. Love you 
Every tried Cremant de 
Challenge 1 of 5 for today 
My woolly Latvian family got an award last night (... a very shiny one that is tricky to photograph ) Thanks 
A huge thank you to everybody at McColls Parkhead, especially Dave the manager, who have generously raised £150 for Whirlow Hall Farm’s educational work with some of the most disadvantaged children in Sheffield 
Best Big Bro Ever!! 
What a guy!! 
And my magic woman to boot 
Happy Sunday, Minneapolis ! 
Yes! Finally done with my calendar! Preview will be up tomorrow 
ONE OF THE BEST EXPERIENCES OF OUR LIVESThank you 
and still...I got nothing but love for y’all 
After sharing a powerful message, Sheila Jackson Lee kneels on the House Floor. Amazing. 
I'm very proud of you, my strength, my love, I love you 
Happy birthday jess! I love you so much I hope it’s great
TY & Buenos días 2 all 
Did someone say, Panto?! We would 
Awe get well soon Malcolm 
Hi Katia! I was off today but back 
Thank You! Couldn't do it without my teammates and my coaches 
Rest In Peace Lil Peep. 
Yay!  Happy Birthday to my stupid ugly little baby!  Hahahahaha!  
We’re proud to host three weekends of High School Football Championships with 
It's been such a pleasure sharing our Habits with you guys 
This show. This cast. This team 
thank you for everything and spending the day w me
I love you I love you I love youuuuu!!!  Thank You for all the birthday wishes!! Warm heart!! Lit up my week with your love 
Kishan J. will be attending the 22nd Asian Television Awards on 1st December 
Ahh, thank you so much 
Unreal 'Sex Ed 101: Ride Safely' workshop from 
THIS IS HAPPENING TONIGHT! there's 1 slot left. or just come & listen to some interesting music 
20 years ago today we lost this man - I spent 3 months touring USA with him in 90’s and he was one of the nicest guys I’ve ever met - we kept in touch for many years after the tour - he would call me sometimes have a laugh - thinking of you today Michael 
Horrified at this tragedy & attack against the LGBT commUNITY. We are w/ you. Each practice in this space is 4 you
You know say money no fit buy you good loving.  No matter where you go for shopping 
Now in 2 days! 
Another awesome performance... so proud of and happy for him 
Our inspirational leader, Michael Landa, won ABJ's Best CEO for a medium category business in central Texas and we are SO PROUD! 
Happy birthday bawd miss you 
COMING SOON! Radiant new recipe video appearing via our fabulous friends 
If every town in the land had a Willie Meighan the world would be a far better place.  Three cheers and huge love for 
Disappointing night but we’ll fight together till the end!!
First day with our 5th grade math buddies !! 
Animation of a photo of mine of Muckish Mountain, Co. Donegal. Checkout the smoke from the cottage chimney 
"We're all humans first, developers second." Caring for your fellow developers talk 
I love these guys so much
Happy Birthday to the greatest pk partner known to man. Miss ya veg, have a good one 
This was taken at the same school I was at today! 15 years after sharing the 
So much love in this picture! 
Oh I love this! 'A right old mash up' 
Hey summer! We 
let’s start a thread of trans writers whose work we want to boost! reply to this tweet w/ recs? 
IT'S OUT & IT'S ALL YOURS NOW. I hope you love it.
ONE WEEK until Gov. Carnival 
Today: the amazing Saffanna translating Jane McKie’s beautiful poetry at an 
Un look qui sort de l'ordinaire! Un pull rouge agencé avec des perles classiques le tout pour un look parfait. 
Thank you sooo you much lovely twitter family for 100K 
Pizza Hut is one of my favourite places obviously! PIZZA
My dad died @ 59 of cardiac arrest, I had a heart attack @ 56 and now we have made it our mission to promote heart awareness anywhere that we can.We would love you to join our gang of 
"I learnt to write letters, draw and play" - Rabab from 
Psychological Statistics final exam tomorrow. Will you include me in your prayers please? 
Girl crush complete... 
 stunning performances all round. Strong cast, strong bad, strong stage, sound and lights! Can’t recommend it enough! 
Which new full-time Cup Series driver do you think will have a better 2018 at Hendrick Motorsports?RT - William Byron
READ >>> THE JANUARY CHILDREN <<< by Safia Elhillo 
I'm Kayaking the Thames to raise money for 
Well this was bloody brilliant!! Thanks 
 I just love love loved your interview with 
LIMITLESS! Free Entry 
“Modeling is the key to everything we do...but the HARDEST thing to do is to step the heck back!” 
Thanks everyone who helped with the screen shots from Special!  REALLY appreciate it! 
IM SO PROUD OF YOU 
Happy anniversary to 2 very special people. 
Going out on 'Mesmerising '. Thank you to all who came, supported and championed the whole thing. I loved it 
‘Hope through research’ - 
Want to reach out to someone who's having a tough time but don't know what to say? Don't worry. Just listening is a powerful kind act. Here's a little shareable to help you let someone know you support them. 
A big THANK YOU to everyone who came out to support our show! Stay tuned...more on the way 
My brother and I are completely hooked on 
I'm back to screaming angrily at dragons! If you come hang out with me, I'll give you a sweet roll ;) 
 You are a Fine, Fine School:) Love 
Thank you for your presence and support during our presentation ! 
 thank you for continuing the dialogue re the harassment/assault of women & encouraging more men to wake up to what I can only describe as a pandemic. It means a lot to survivors of sexual assault, such as myself. 
"If your haters knew what a nice guy you are, they'd be so bummed."-- me to PG 
And He can wash them all. After all, He knew what He was getting when He decided to love us in the first place 
Rihanna is on it too. Queens are uniting together!! 
Working with our hometown school district is one of the most important things we do as a company. We 
Please donate whatever you can, it means so much to me 
I-F is the real deal. Always has been. The best! Thanks 
Be part of G2ARMY ! It's never too late ! 
Inner west locals have made the best of the stupid destruction of the beautiful George Michael mural 
And yes, everyone needs to be held accountable when they commit anti-Native acts. No one gets a free pass. But devolving immediately to anti-blackness is not ok. 
Had fun tonight! Thank you Philly! Thank you 
It will end beautifully. 
Feel The Buzz Get The Fizz 
When you find the perfect spindle AFTER you had it all done ---my guys 
RT If you love your granny 
There's no one else I'd rather spend forever with 
Give back to the open-source community!•
Good morning GMT! 
Floral keyhole dress has now landed at 
It was great ı thought ı was aware but every year ı learn something new. THANK YOU please do more workshops
I'm beyond blessed to announce that I have verbally committed to continue my volleyball career at Belmont University! GO BRUINS
The ultimate throw back Thursday to one of my favourite photo's from our wedding 
Week two of our panto crowdfunder and we're 20% of the way to our target! Thank you 
Awwww this made my day! Thanks Moz! 
A final debrief with our parents! What a great experience today was. We are looking forward to the next one. 
Fly high Jesse. I’ve never met a kid so sweet. I’ll miss you big guy. Go play ball with the angels for me.
Oh these two. ''Twas epic. And beautimus. 
This is such a great move! I really dislike this & polls of its kind, no matter that I’ve done ok in it & it’s helped my career undoubtedly. The reasons for stopping it are also really great. Big up RA! 
Been an insane event so far, thanks for all the love and support! We'll be there for day 3! 
That’s how you close 10 years of 
 Grandparent’s Day is my FAVORITE!! I enjoyed witnessing the kids and their grandparents working through math problems and having fun together! I’m so thankful for this FRAmily!! 
Today’s your last chance to get £10 tix! Follow & share what you’ve done 4 
Great news this morning after an extremely tough week for my good friend and chairman he is going home. I’m so happy for him and his family. 
Anybody else looking forward to 
Can't wait to hear Jeffesor X aka Uncle Jeff aka my mentor 
Get you somebody that looks at you the way I look at the $1 slipper socks from Walgreens 
Calm your soul with the magical voice of 
So excited for our morning assembly with Keep Memory Alive! 
i have the greatest friends in the world. thank u 
Larkettes Day Out! 
Wanna thank everyone so much for the support on the record till' now - Blown away by the love 
Putting the “thanks” back into 
I’ve still got it!!! 
 celebrating Hispanic Heritage...
Lil Mike from South London somehow made his way onto the cover of the legendary GQ Magazine. 
Good life is made up by the moments of presence and gratitude that you create through out your day 
I’m astoundingly grateful for the support i have in my communities 
24 people, out in the streets, will be a little warmer this winter. Blankets I ordered and donated have arrived and will be passed out asap. 
Best way to spend a Wednesday afternoon! 
Ey you thought Woody dobbed us in did you?! Love that man.  
Looking forward to London's magical Christmas lights 
This. Forever this, please. 
About to give this beautiful soul my last name in 38 days!
An absolute pleasure to work with both 
Well done Donna! We know that it would have been difficult but you've done the right thing: for you, for Ric and for us 
Young people out there. You have done this country proud. Please, all, continue to speak up and have your voices heard! 
Holy crud Seattle we love you 
 my almost 3 year old little girl is OBSESSED with your crane in 
Awwww Lloyd, you gave me goosebumps! 
Shout Out to Beatport for showing 'Dawn' some 
WOLF IN THE SNOW is a Kirkus Best Picture Book of 2017! It's a generous list broken up into 7 categories. And WOLF is under "Best Picture Books of 2017 to Give Readers Strength", which I love. Thank you, 
P O P U P 
  Episode 1 OUT NOW!!! Please view, like, share and subscribe! Much Love! 
Your purchase can make a difference to RMHC families. Visit a 
Finally got a chance to pop into this exhibition w/ lots of choice design gems on show, hats off to 
Aww thank you Tay. I can’t wait. Love you 
My son ran into my room at 7:15 AM yelling that it was snowing.  He was so excited and I will admit, I was too.  I 
This sums our boy up. Sitting at the art table in the playroom on the ward, getting messy with the paints with a huge grin on his face. 
Rise up and attack the day with happiness, enthusiasm , and love 
 back from our honeymoon just would like to say thanks to Andreas and his team for what was our perfect day
Inspired by all the New Yorkers I see running, walking and biking along West Street today. 
Santo Domingo was on fireeee last night.Thank you 
What a wonderfully morning styling 
Catherine Lowe reveals baby no. 2 was a surprise! her adorable story: 
I am proud of many things in my life but nothing beats being your mom..... 
We need 100,000 Americans to sign the card thanking our troops this Thanksgiving. 
EVERYBODY IS A BABE 
So as us Gooners head to bed.One last tweet.Just in case you weren't aware..'We beat the Scum 2 nil.'Monday night the girls are recording with their first guest - look out for the tweets, tomorrow evening and Gooners, remember..
Vito I don't think you have Twitter but I'll miss you a lot when this is all over! 
My mates cuter than yours.... 
Mother Parker and Randy Parker share a laugh on the set of 
Because representation matters...
We’re all about female empowerment shouts to some of the baddest out there! 
So many women in my life 
Laying on my couch, awaiting mac and cheese made by husband, fully aware of my comfort level as the world I love is in distress all around.  Staying in the moment as it can all implode on a personal level at any given moment. Peace. 
 this Vintage Cocktail Shaker with Drink Recipes from 
Taking my little cousin to her first concert tonight 
Hey guys I just boarded the plane so sacrifice a chicken to Satan for me so I don’t die in some sort of horrible crash 
Huge congrats to my main man and my season long partner on gaywatch for his commitment to niagara today! 
It's good just like everything you've had in life, but I'm great just like everything I wanna give you in life
This is how you make moves thank 
Here we go!!!! Next stop China 
With all the shit happening in the entertainment industry right now, I'd like to call out some of the bands that we've worked with that have been amazing people! Thank you 
 My grandfather on my mother’s side, who always effusively praised my “command of the written word.”  God bless grandparents who point out talents in their grandkids. The impact was so subtle at the time, but man, was it lasting...
Thank you for serving our country. Because of your sacrifice and commitment we are free. All gave some. 
The bonds and memories we made this season are something I’m going to cherish forever! Thankful for my coaches pushing me to be better!
Hey our van broke down. We don’t know the extent of the damage but it’s probably going to cost some $$. If you want to help us just grab a shirt! 
Amazing early views of the gorgeous 
Today's soup special: cauliflower and bacon soup
best time to see a movie! But, I'm also a senior citizen at heart 
She's our new pop-punk muse!  
WOW! Thank You Carlisle 
This tweet is for you.. Yes ‘You’
Grateful 2 get 2 play live music on stage w/ my band. 
Diesel walks well on the lead and is ok with most dogs but will need an experienced owner plz 
 how these interactive Father's Day gifts came out! 
yessss thanks for all the support guys 
Be solution oriented! 
The best way to start humpday 
For entire November we will be tracking your MOOVES and for every 1,000 moves generated we’ll donate £1 to 
I was only at hospital 5 hours yesterday for Sirtex liver radiation. I’ve been through deep valley of pain since getting home. I feel like I’m past worst of acute pain and nausea. No way to know if it worked til next scan. Thanks again for all your 
Beautiful! Thank you for sharing, Leighton. 
Chili, you’re a hero dog. 
Added "Pick Up the Pieces" by Zed Bias, Boudah to my I 
This baby squirrel freaked out during the eclipse, so this guy took her in and made her a “jungle” inside his closet 
 women's pre season QLD road trip. Sharing our 
Tomorrow my amazing twin sets off on a trek around the Sahara for charity. Please give anything you can spare: 
 u nutters u r wonderful
Please take 1 MINUTEWatch my TRAILER forBeyond The Mist
Well what a difference 10 years make same smile 
Super excited to announce that I have committed to continue running Cross Country and Track at the University of Dayton!!!
home with the one I love 
Tomorrow night! Bring a canned good and let’s support 
Today was WILD. just had the most incredible time with so many of my friends from all across Chicago tonight at the peerspace show. Felt like fate to have so many people who have put me on and supported me all in one room 
Wow... thanks for sharing this with powerful poem with us, Craig  
So happy to celebrate my bday with my best friends in Chicago tonight!! See you tonight at Spybar! 
We're absolutely in love with this photo taken by jessy985 on La Digue! 
Oh my. The final trailer. This is not a drill. 
Our wonderful DT teachers Mrs Bromley & Mrs Smith are retiring this week after a combined 52 years! Best wishes from us all x 
Southbank world press exhibition 
THE BEAST KING IS UP RIGHT NOW! Huge shouts to 
Remember playing at the first ever Solardo Sessions and been lucky enough to play a fair few since! Big up my brothers 
Early morning Happy Valentines Day from U.S. Anti-Doping Agency 
The queen has arrived! Your new issue featuring 
Happy birthday Macy!!
Oh she's the double of my old girl Kizzie. I wish I could have Maddie 
Wishing a happy birthday to our girl 
Big love to twitter again! Absolute dream job this & your support is making it even more of a dream 
Edmontonians made a difference in my childhood by giving to the food bank. I’m forever grateful & looking forward to .
Hallway walks and big life talks with the love of my life 
This sea lion refused to go back home without her BFF — so she kept running back to get him 
.@DoriHigginsr repurposed one of our boxes to give this little guy a home! Adorable 
New food voucher with updated times and outlets for the homeless in BOLTON! PLEASE RETWEET. SPREAD AWARENESS! 
Gorgeous cygnet rescue yesterday! 
If you haven’t checked it out already, go straight to my SoundCloud 
Thanks to everyone who came out and watched the game today! Especially you Red Devils 
I love these 2 Finnigan Girls with everything I got. And I'm in awe of both of them every minute. 
Love you lots!!!!
This is definitely an all time Great from The  Legend 
WORLD CHAMPIONS!! 
Thank you @falgunishanepeacockindia for this beautiful gown! What a stunning creation 
Great conversation again. And thank you for the Shout Out.Also, I hear merchandise will be available soon! Whooohooo! 
Big love for all the support again amigo 
3 home runs Game 1 ALDS 
Your such a huge asset to the voice Miley! And your gift is a gift to all on your team ! In your genes! 
Life is not a competition. The only person you should try to beat today is the person you were yesterday. I hope we all win. Good morning world. Go get it. Michelle 
The feeling of having your life back again. Great to see him back doing what he loves. 
another cool thing i did last nite: wore 
I had the pleasure of playing piano at the wedding of two of the most loveliest people today,Scott & Louise at the stunning 
Thank you to everyone for your overwhelming donations and support 
! Tag us in your favourite Liv pics 
The way this veteran talks about his service dog will melt your heart. 
 supporters, we need ALL your votes tonight at 8/7c! 1-800-868-3404 or 
It's been a blast mixing the new 
FINAL CHANCE to book tickets to join us with 
I love you guys soooo much 
Gran doesn’t quite get the internet, but she’s an absolute sweetheart 
Happy Birthday not just to a friend but to a yon
Final presentations, awards & closing ceremony 
Chi O dads are the best dads!! Thanks to our wonderful dads for the best weekend!! 
The kingpins of the D&D scene just dropped a massive announcement to unify the DnB community in a great way. 
Thanks to everyone who sent a box of stuffing! We bought 292 boxes for 
"I want to learn how to knit, so I can earn money for my family. In the future, I will pass on the skills I have learnt to other women," shares Yop, who enrolled in our programme this year in Nigeria. Sponsor a sister today 
You are everything that is right in the world 
Seeing this thing in person ... photos don’t do it justice... it’s massive .. and also delicious 
Congrats! And thank you for gracing our stage 
 PAYTON IS HOME! 
Happy National Redhead Day from the sassiest ginger I know
We're a long (heel) stretch away from South Carolina but we're loving it here! 
missing Australia more than ever right now. you did good. 
Tomorrow it'll be gone, but the memories will last forever. We love you, 
happy birthday dummy! 
Today would have been my grandmother Dorothea Draper’s 100th birthday. She is one of the greatest influences in my life. She encouraged my love of reading, taught me the importance of giving back to my community, & was a driving force behind why I created 
A lifetime of work for this moment.It was worth it.Be relentless 
Thank god for people like this 
"Reminds me of those classic 90s teen thrillers like Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer." 
Love Is In The Air! 
Two years ago I was raped causing me to become depressed and suicidal. Now, because of His grace in 25 days I'll be graduating and addressing my graduating class as the commencement speaker. My story, "Tears and Triumph" is on the blog now (link in bio)
Love these Big Bud Lil Buds. 
I crept off my sick couch to see 
When you host a show for your favorite artist and he sings a song just for you, you sit back with a heart full of gratitude and feel all the love 
OPEN till 4pm today for lovely coffee & bakes Stoneybatter & Portobello 
Such a great team - the definition of 
 if ICE Agents show up at your door! Retweet and share with family and friends 
Tonight, five past midnight on 
Dec 6: "Bringing Kepes into Focus" at 
Tonight we found our Voice.  I love you all.
Is there somebody who doesnt have a ticket for 
Tonight was wild. Thank you 
We'll never get tired of this skyline. 
The most chilled guy I ever met. Rip beg tex 
Why today? November 19 is the date of the “discovery’ of Puerto Rico by Christopher Columbus. It is a date filled with geopolitical connotations. I can’t make it but I stand with Puerto Rico in the 
£4500 raised for my lil brother,glad i put the show on,thank u to the fans and wrestlers for helping him 
Thanks to everyone who was involved in making The Lodgers who made it to the Irish premiere last night in 
Such a nice boy! Someone please adopt him! 
MY GF IS HONESTLY ADORABLE 
 the man in the supermarket who just came up to me and apologetically told me that my skirt had ridden up and was exposing half of my bum 
Tomorrow night guys! Get yourselves down 
You'll be able to buy a piece of the old LOVE Park at this year's Christmas Village 
Whether you're fat, tall, slim, disabled - you should be allowed to love your own body. It's the only one you have.
Also making new confused fans and I love that too haha 
What the Draper James team is 
JOY. Woman is pure light. Lots of laughs. 
You rock! I got their coffee after with Ben from 
THIS IS WHAT WOMEN WANT IN THE WORKPLACE FROM MEN (thank you, 
Happy birthday to not only my partner in crime but my best friend 
DEAR LISTENERS! This week, the very funny 
Jack Trice Stadium, you have provided every feeling in the book. The memories we have had will truly be unforgettable. Loved spending the last 5 years watching the man of my dreams follow and live out his running out on that field. Forever a Cyclone 
Great way to help the victims of Hurricane Harvey from here in Florida!! 
 you can now remix "Extraordinary" on 
 GAMEDAY IN THE VILLE AGAINST MICHIGAN @ 7 
I LOVE MY TEAM 
MATCH DAY | We head to 
If you want to support my business and passion for my female focused platform please follow 
My Tigers havin a blast at WWOS Disney
We win as a team and lose as a team always, we're in this all together with our fans!! Thanks for the brilliant support, get home safe
Ireland hasn't just said "Yes"...Ireland has said:"F
Fabulous time at the STARS awards brilliant young people 
Thank you, thank you, thank you for the outpouring of love you have shown us today!
Yesterday marked 9 years to the day that Cullenders was born. Thank you for being part of our journey, we love our business and our wonderful loyal customers 
Max Mcmurdo on stage at the Ideal Home Christmas Show in Manchester 
Thank you Sydney Lynn, you're the best!  I love too
There’s only one. Happy Birthday to the best nat_waxro aka Natalie. 
SKIN&EARTH IS HEREWhat was just mine for so long is now yours. I hope you love this record as much as I do 
Jesus Culture- One thing remains. (His love never fails, it never gives up and it never runs out on you)
We at Funding Circle would like to wish you all a Happy Thanksgiving! We're thankful for you. 
Thank you!!!!! 
Big Thanksgiving Gathering? Let us help you with that! 20% OFF Any  18” or 21” Big Bowl at our 
Thank you for your service, your sacrifice & for fighting to protect our freedom 
I am so grateful for everything you guys do for me. These shows are getting more amazing every night. I love giving it my all for you 
Most of tonight's awesome wine & art crew! Thanks to 
You know someone is a New Yorker when the elevator is stopping on every floor and they make the "what is this, the local?" joke 
((Hugs)) and heart
Are you serious about good music?Sign up for the launch of my website
It’s been 6 months since the Manchester bombing happened and it’s still such an incredibly raw subject. Not a day goes by that you angels aren’t missed in Manchester. I can’t imagine how the families/friends of the victims are living without their loved ones. Fly high, angels
wanted to thank all the extra musicians who helped us play this live at scala 
Ah, I love this book 
what a lovely surprise! i think the 
Pretty neat to see so many junior bulldogs and families come out tonight to visit with 
Next Tour Stop  NORDSTERN Basel. Playing Bingo all night long...
Falling asleep remembered day 4/100 songs. Will say Bruno Mars nothin on you. For his writings and fight to have his songs heard 
All I need for a good time is encapsulated in this photo. I 
Thx to all the dedicated founding board members of 
I'll remember this forever 
Please RT:One simple idea: Giving new pyjamas to children and young people who are homeless or in need this Christmas We now have all of our Collection Points for 2017 
. This. Trophy! Thx 
So thankful for my second family
Opening a jerk restaurant tomorrow £3 lunch specials from 12pm Chicken, Fish, Curry Goat & Vegan 
A few words on why it's so important to support the amazing new bands out there 
But I gotta say, when 
Drop in, hang out, hit that follow, chat, make a new friend! It’s easy! 
 champions 2017!Congratulations 
There's a new ep. in your feed! We are so thrilled and honoured to share this piece with you, from our friend 
Did someone say... GIRL POWER?! All the gorgeous at 
So excited about this collection!! Thanks UD 
See you tonight at Macarena Club for the New World Disorder party!
So grateful for all the support that I get
No joke I can’t WAIT for American Idol to come back. My fave show 
What a lovely video! 
 I wish I could 
Love this podcast. If you like books, you will too 
Ah how to prep to make up a musical w/ a Tony nominated actor who's in 
Who's the biggest club in Edinburgh?RT – Hibs
Debut single 'INSANE' now available worldwide on 
We can all celebrate Transgender Awareness Week
This is purely a precautionary measure & we should be back up to full quota for game v Fiji on Weds. Sending our love 
Awwww I love this THANK YOU 
Happy birthday to coolest chick ever! My wife. 
Love u right back lady
From mermaids, to heros, to cornflakes, to daisies and landing right back in my heart of Dublin with some titty wanks in foxrock 
I love playing in Cali 
Beautiful Menna.....and momma Rachel too of course 
Everyone please get behind Siobhán and keep voting 
Happy birthday to the only kid that I
"Do what terrifies you and you'll be amazed at how you feel when you complete it." 
Never give up! Dreams can come true. Teenage me would be very happy - 30 year old me is even happier! Thank you to an incredible cast 
Looking forward to seeing you later, 
I would like to say thank you to my people for the amazing welcome last night. Honestly feels so good to be back 
When you set up a goal in your first north London derby... 
Just when I thought I couldn’t 
Here's our last song from the Diamond Tape... Thank you for all the support 
Always a treat when I get to see you
Thank you teen choice!!!! 
Best wishes, Eduardo Berizzo 
Thank you my darling!! 
As a Legacy Whisperer, my love for Prometheus grows by the day. 2.0 is amazing and I’m inspired by this transformational project. 
 is perfect for my Holder withdrawals. Thank you 
Spent the morning with two luminaries 
Hands down the best quality hats around! 
 My signal went to hell in that Queen Street and never added you on! Has Queen Street got beef with you son? 
So thrilled to be sharing this wonderful story for 
What a gorgeous young woman 
It's time brother 
Another great picture from our last runway show 
My grandfather Sumant Moolgaokar remembered at Hanging Gardens Malabar Hill I
Well beyond deserving of this award Lady Gaga will always be a true talent 
All My Love. Out now! 
Hanging with the beautiful Bon Bons tonight at @
thank u friend. i appreciate any kind of help 
So joyus to support the fight of light over darkness & good over evil with Jagruti Womens Group 
Skate or die!!! 
The brilliant brave and bold 
forever love walled lake 
Marshall is a super chap full of life and love 
I've said it before and I'll say it again MO SALAH is the fucking MAN! YNWA 
Can't believe some ppl r threatening 2boycott 
I’m only here for good vibes and changing lives. 
Australia just knocked it out the park. 
Fancying doing a Christmas Q&A potentially as part of Blogmas. Please leave me some questions and RT! Thanks guys! 
Any got the time? Thank you 
 warms my heart standing at the back of a packed room with the 
LITTLE GEMS! Thank you soooo much for voting for me over these last few weeks! You are everything 
November 11th.   Blessed to be Celebrating another year 
I make this job for this magic moments 
We create beautiful, personalised keepsakes using the handwriting of loved ones & help to keep the memories alive 
You guys need to see this!!!! My friends are TOOOO talentedd
The perfect dress to twirl, eat, drink, and be merry! 
The best thing I ever did was admit I wasn't ok and get help. Just because you are broken DOES NOT mean YOU have to STAY broken.
Brody makes his debut tonight - we've never had a boy named BRODY that we didn't like 
Happy birthday to the best girlfriend I could ask for 
Lila is a lovely lass in rescue in 
So thankful EGPAF brought these wonderful women into my life 
Volunteering at parkrun is always fun and friendly. We would 
Treated to a drink tonight! So grateful for my friends 
Congrats to one of my best buds 
STOLEN FRM NOTTINGHAMSHIRE LAST NITE PLZ RT 
Unbelievable exprience on Arthur Ashe Stadium last night. It will be a moment that I will never forget. Thank you 
Happy World Kindness Day! Visit 
Happy birthday lex. I hope you have the best day I love you
Please join us in wishing our reigning queen 
Happy birthday Mama-San! I love you lots. Let's go surf! 'MERICA! 
Thanks internets, you magical creature you, 
Happy Birthday to the Captain of my heart!! Love you Daddy!! 
Yay! See you in Cali 
Never forget what a gift it is to be able to communicate. Sometimes saying I love you comes easy. Make it count. I know I do! 
Thanks for the show last night. You guys crushed it and the setlist was great 
One of my favourite things about staying with 
Yes yes yesssss. Love you guys 
Eliza Jane Howell Designer Weekend at 
Come and join us & a host of lovely designers 
Would appreciate it if you could check out my channel Fifi The Unicorn! 
 just seen you on TV you look fabulous darling. Hope you are well? 
My sister just sent me this pic of my nephew's grade 6 class, digging their visit from the one and only 
 Great stuff from our friends Crafter's Companion - Evesham Store 
Longest Night Ever. Though the cut was deep, yet, Phobia's 
At 6 I wanted a Cabbage Patch Kid. At 26 I wanted an iPod and a big bash. Today I got my wish knowing he's healthy. Thanks for your support
Thank you to all my sweet friends for the birthday wishes, let's get hammered xox 
FEBRUARY >> we are excited to have Omar Souleyman, world & electronic music icon from Syria, perform here 
Thank you so much to Karl and the team at 
Wake up to reality only to chase your dreams Kings and Queens 
 is GOIN' DOWN! Just a little video snippet of one of the many highlights of 
Just woke up to 13k plays. Much love to everyone who has listened and shown support 
You've got me luv dancin'... 
 ur ignite! Watched again. Sticky phrase idea comes from 
So proud !!!!!
So much to do in South Shields with kids. Caught 
Hairshark by the sea, that's where you'll find me! The perfect beach look 
Oyeeeee Happy 10th Anniversary  
Good morning have a bless and productive day 
If you only watch one YouTube video today make it this one. A Whitney classic. 
One-click! I can't wait for another Twilight, Texas novel 
can’t wait to share the new music with you! 
Independence Day - 18 April 1980Freedom Day - 21 November 2017
Every single song is a banger 
To know one another and center our students and their multiple identities in safe inclusive schools spaces is critical. So much admiration for you, dear friend. 
Happy birthday to my big bredrin 
Be kind anyway ~ 
Absolutely the real thing!! This is Denise - she is that amazing! 
What a lovely thing to do! 
While waiting 4 big change let’s ensure concert goers feel free 2 scream & dance along w t music that moves them 
Well done to the children of Campsie View special needs school in Lenzie 
You were right along side us in spirit! And it's a good thing, cause we needed your help schlepping that hefty banner 
We wouldn't miss the chance to try 
Spread more love. Make someone laugh, make someone smile, be good to each other, help someone out. It feels good
VIKINGS WON 49-42 AGAINST CORONA DEL MAR!!! 
 - DONE! Thanks to all for the most amazing month, we don't wanna leave!! 
Upgraded for Paris and paid for London. 
SOMEBODY ELSE VIDEO OUT RN!! MUCH 
Bellissimo Thursday lunchtime treats! 
For the love of St Christopher's 
 is now streaming WW2, come stop by and say hi 
Once in a while you meet someone who has a profound impact on you.  
I just wanted to say thank you to all my fans over the past few years. I remember a little bit ago I was just in my room drawing cartoon characters, tryna keep the demons away and now I’m blessed beyond words. Thank you God and everyone who’s kept with me and supported. 
Love you guys. Thanks for hanging! Have to run. Be back soon to chat. See you soon on the road!! 
Loved meeting with students and parents at our triad conferences. It is so exciting to talk with families, set goals together and look forward. It’s only November and we have SO much room to grow. Can’t wait! 
We're recovering from a very busy but successful tasting event yesterday at 
Once again, can’t wait to see 
Gonna go home and mast 
I am so proud of my beautiful bestfriend 
Love seeing all your photos! Keep it up guys!
These are the quiet moments I love most
Post production team for the win! 
Oh, hi, happy Monday, I still do not do social media consulting work for free, thank you, carry on! 
Hurricane Maria may have cut the lights in Puerto Rico but not the fire in our hearts. Together we will rise! 
We are only 31 followers away from a magical 2800 please help us with a retweet 
I'm way too late on this one but last week I did a guestmix for 
 is following my dogs Instagram and my heart has nerve been so happy 
A weed festival on one side of town and an outdoor polka band performance on the other... It's been a very interesting day in Boston. 
Happy Birthday Mom! Your unconditional love has made me who I am today. You are my rock. My 
Happy birthday to the greatest and congrats! 
 @JimSueMaddocks it's stunning, their Syrah is a favourite of ours 
Vsetin | Havlickuv Brod | Pisek 
Tell Mr. Bruce we miss him!!!
NorCal on my mind..... stay safe. Sending u guys love 
Anyone who hasn’t voted yet please do 
 tshirt, tote bags etc Campaign is Now Available! 100% profits go2 
The McRae’s had a day of filming at home today and guess who obviously felt very relaxed around the cameras and crew - Audrey Bluebell McRae 
WE WOULD LOVE TO MEET OUR BIGGEST FANS 
•like fave retweet• lmk what y’all think 
We love to dance and we love the 
 I loved this, Please RT 
Our darkroom collective’s group expo in 
Such an amazing group of people to be around 
Made sure that he has the best view for every kick on Saturday! 
It’s hard not to leave our 
Prayers, thoughts, love and strength for Paris . 
An amazing run comes to an end, but we can’t thank 
Waaaaaa hooooo !!! Thought of you straight away . Your other home is doing you proud 
Thank you to all of the veterans and their families. You guys are so brave, true heroes
Canny wait to get back in the studio tomorrow 
Get you a man that surprises you with flowers when you're at the gym
My London run of Ladsladslads is now on sale I love you 
Please help by donating as much as you can, it means so so much 
That’s right! Super stoked to be working with 
‘Be nice in the morning!’ On this week’s episode of the 
THE ONLY FISH IN THE SEA, my newest picture book w/ Philip Stead, gets a lovely review in this weekends NY Times Book Review! Written by none other than Leonard Marcus! 
Kaaarraaaaannn ... make time! Can’t wait for you to see it. And thank you for the words of praise 
Sooo excited to share a new track with you guys tomorrow!! Stay tuned
Looking forward to meeting extended members of our WHS family this morning at Grandparents Day festivities.   We 
Oh my god! Wow! Thank you for making This video 
“All good writing is multigenre”  
Happy birthday blader, love you 
Order your grips today! 
The best festival family and co! Today's the big day! Who will I see out there today?!
Once it's post 1am I almost exclusively listen to 
Lovely lunch thank you @irishtimesales 
go like this up....designed by me shoutout big bro kpreme love u 
whdesign.ny Has always been one of my favorite interior decorating stores in NYC 
Goofing around at the hotel ... maybe this track could go somewhere? 
Last time playing on the same court as my sissy 
Grab the tissues. We have a feeling 
These photos will make your heart melt 
Having a review day for our assessment by getting 
Come join us in Kansas City! 
Thanks to everyone showing love on the new video 
Rain or shine. My kit stuck in Chicago no problem 
 ya right back....
Congratulations Emma Fraser, Grace Dyas and 
The best girls. 
It’s a YES!! Incredible day in history and one step closer to equality for all 
I've made a little playlist on 
Mr and Mrs Buttler 21.10.17 
Love this picture book. 
I'm so happy they connect to you and happy we were able to speakAll love 
Christmas is on the way! All 3 Scents and Candles are available in store 
More fun pre-order news!! Send proof of your pre-order (from any retailer) for LOVE, HATE & OTHER FILTERS to preorders@sohopress.com and you'll get this totally adorable custom button set! Wear little Maya (and my heart) on your sleeve. 
Just watch this! Scroll to 1:08:14....  just do it!! I defy you not to be SO PROUD of MICHAEL HAYES 
Dream come true making my 
I have died and gone to heaven 
Our Iconic Compact Weekender has everything you 
We need your help! Irma will create damaging winds and rain for our farmers. Let's buy them out to show our 
Such an honor to interview Chimamanda Adichie as part of 
Girl you look so gorgeous tonight! I love this look so much! 
Can’t get enough of 
People all over the world, join handsStart a love train, a love train 
Thank you for your great support at Yeovil last night   
It doesn’t stop here... Love you man 
We got sucked into this thread.... So what's your favourite local indy eatery? (We're currently loving 
A dessert which just taste like even . Cream briller ans chocolate brownies duo 
Love is love. No one should be made to feel their sexuality is an illness. Yet gay ‘cure’ therapies are still legal. We’re SO CLOSE to getting the government to respond. Sign & share! 
Letterbox red, I think so 
: Happy November!! To celebrate I'm giving away 2 signed copies of TLI! RT / Follow by November 13th to enter! U.S. only. 
Just back from a weekend break in 
We hope you felt the love this weekend because WE 
Already excited to cry in the bath to this album on a Sunday night 
For a theaterical experience unparalleled,&remarkable in craft,talent & humanity,I’ll start this wk of Thanksgiving saying THANK U 2 
Helloooooo, I can’t wait to be with you 
Hi. :)My name is Sinovuyo. I'm a qualified chef and recently left my day job to start my own catering co in Cape Town. Please RT. Thanks 
Came back to Chicago last night to play the Allstate Arena with 
So. That’s SSM done! What’s next? Why campaigning for people to be allowed to marry their pets & the Harbour Bridge of course! Especially fond of the latter as this ALSO means campaigning for polygamy as so many of us love that darn bridge!! Look at her. Isn’t she pretty??!
If you have info about people involved in 
If you're unsure of which side to take, always pick the side of LOVE! 
Catering Order for Total Bank for the trade show at Watsco Center earlier this week 
CPE Bach ~ for David 
Happy Fourth of July everyone! I hope you all enjoy this day ! 
We're on Day 2 of Hearts 
Man I love my team! 
 Now that’s a sausage roll 
some people help you out anytimes and superfast , 
Ss helped create Retelling Rope- they 
15% of sales tomorrow at our San Antonio location will be donated to Eisenhower Middle School! 
In love with how our brand new 
VOTE. Phone lines;-  09020 50 51 09Mobile:-6 50 51 09Or APPVOTE 
 aidencurtiss for nlvogue Styling mrvanheel Hair Make-Up irena.ruben 
Last night was ace! Thanks guys specially to 
It was an absolute honor to open for 
Feeling very lucky to have this opportunity to play along side legends of the game 
I’ve always loved 
Happy birthday little one!!!!!
Happy anniversary to Warframe on PS4 and you, Tenno! It's been 4 awesome years, thank you for being a part of the community 
Come in and try our cake....rocky road!
Check out today's blog from 
You got that right Gretchen!
"Helloooo husband." 
Our army of WOWsers are a flurry of activity, busy painting 
Honoured to be served at WBC in Seoul this weekend! 
SAN FRANCISCO - thank you for the unforgettable vibes last night. We sold that baby out. Till next time. 
I love these SO much by 
Thanks all for the sold out and for the amazing night... 
We absolutely LOVE this video of Amy & Christopher wedding 
Thank you Edinburgh Playhouse . Loved it 
This is one of the best ways to enjoy Venice RepostBy 
I’m so sorry, I should of been there for you more. I should of saw the signs. RIP Hannah, I love you child. 
Tim Burgess has won twitter for the day 
AHHH COMB, happy birthday brother, hope all is well
  seeing these adorable fans of PRINCE AND PIRATE at 
Happy 2nd Anniversary of meeting each other 
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever gotten? Going to RT my favorites! 
If you're able, please consider donating gently used COATS, new SOCKS, and/or new UNDERWEAR to us 
Huge thank you to whoever bought some boots off of our wish list,’they immediately went out today, if anyone wants to buy something and it be sent directly to us, here is our wish list  
Very proud of this hard working chick 
lost Josh in 2011 aged 15 to an undiagnosed heart condition 12 young people die each week from undiagnosed heart conditions! 3696 young people have died of undiagnosed heart conditions since losing Josh 
Looking out at the world thinking how blessed you are to be a human, with the ability to create anything you wish 
Happy birthday Steph, I miss saying hi to your beautiful self all of the time!!! Hope you had a great day 
Thanks to all for your thoughts and prayers for Pancho & his family- great memories- great stories- I will miss him!!!!! Broken 
So, this happened today 
Happy birthday to my husband, the coolest guy I
Rihanna is the queen of mag covers 
this see how other brains work.  
Happy birthday my love, thankyou for truly caring for me and for being so beautiful inside and out 
"You change the world when you change your mind!"
Mindy has the BEST postsCheck out our interviews and the other awesome posts on her site 
First time I've ever ordered from 
Gave Keisha my ten votes last night on the 
Don't forget that Early Bird GCAP tickets are closing on September 15th! Make sure to get yours ASAP! 
Always an amazing welcome. Thank you 
“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” -Walt Disney 
Happy Birthday to one of our favorite country singers, 
It's today! My 3rd baby is here... Thank you for all your support running up to this day and I hope you all love 
Loved DJ’ing at the 
Please take a second to retweet and spread the word 
What an incredibly talented DJ Arch Jr! His message for 
We are so excited about the launch of Disney Tsum Tsum Pet Toys at PetSmart! Now you can share the magic of Disney with your pups 
"Go find what it is that inspires you, go find what you love, and do it until it hurts." Christmas Day Reads 
I’m putting the game on the radio for my boy today. Hopefully the last game he’s going to hear will be a win 
Nehu ma'm, sonu di and tony bhai 
NO fires here!! Just sisters who love to cook together 
This is what happens when we work together & we listen. Amazing work by 
Happy birthday grown man
Thank you Corpus Christi! We have raised $1222 for the United Way 
Love this woman's work so much. Check out my dear friend @rahrivers_studio for beautiful heartfelt creations 
Military women have got this month's 
Wonderful news ! So well deserved for the magic and miracles they have brought to so many of us 
'Ramen Boy & eqal - Violência (The Remixes) EP' is OUT NOW on 
Supah Ninjas...Chasing Life...and Zoo, oh my!! We covered it all. Thank you 
Merry Christmas! My new book is out today guys! Celebrate with me by picking one up - Thank you! 
Thank you to our Pearson Volunteers helping us celebrate 
Mrs. Butler's "FIRSTIES" engaged in Round Robin talking about Nouns
Happy birthday, Mark! I hope it is a great one! 
How do o do this? It must be psychic. All of a sudden I felt like turning 
Highkey still obsessed with this song 
It's our second mail day of the week! We're Packing up your treats and sending them out- one of my fave tasks at Biscuit HQ! 
Happy Father's Day! 
My first ever Calendar! Pre-order it today and get a exclusive print, only a few spots left!!! 
 I am disabled MED researcher & constantly read MED journals & post on FB page. I'm watching for batten's disease constantly. 
Turkeys are clever, emotional, & beautiful individuals who deserve FREEDOM. Give turkeys something to be thankful for this 
10 Affordable Holiday Gifts Your Employees Will 
Yes!!!!! Congrats Australia! Every step taken is one closer to World Peace! Love love love you! Proud to be Australian by association lol 
Wonderful Carmel! And SO much deserved! Paul and I send much love 
"FaceAche" is out!!! We had the best time making it and can't wait for you to hear it. Tell your friends!! X 
I can relate to this song so much. It feels like you‘re singing the song of my own heart. It’s amazing. Can‘t get it out of my mind and it‘s definitely one of my new favorites. 
 - Thank you all for already joining the Love Revolution! See you in August! 
So happy I got to spend some time with these two last in 
We Would love your support for all things 
So grateful for mine and my families good health 
 Just look at this cover for The Cloak of Feathers by Nigel Quinlan 
Our debut single “Enough” is available NOW everywhere music is sold. 
5 days jamming at Joshua Tree, things are coming alone just fantastic.. 
Thankful for friends & family 
 Square Crumpets 4 Cheese Slices forever and ever IDST 
We can't get enough of this new one by 
What an amazingly heartfelt night at the 
Thank you Pam! So happy to collaborate with you and everyone 
OUR THIRD SOLD OUT SHOW AT THE SAGE GATESHEAD ! Thank you 
Head down to Lees library tonight 6pm-7pm for cake and chat! 
Best purchase of the night was for myself though... Tam and 
Now THIS is how to start a Wednesday 
Watch us break down our strangest moments with the 
Fucking Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's a new month and a new chapter in your life! Let's own this month and make it our own 
Time Slips Behind Us is my favorite record this year and this show was way fun, thank you for having us out 
LoooooOOKK AT THIS BOY
Advanced readers copies of FRESHMEN! This hilarious and totally adorable love story is set during freshman year of college 
Having a little fun w/ our heroes. Learning to follow the leader!! PK 
Throwback to 2014 at Nationals where I won my class and earned my Pro Card. I had no idea how… 
Love class tonight with the sexy mama, thanks so much 
This it was Halloween in my beloved ITALIA ... what a night!!! 
! Was ahead of their time. 
Thank you guys so much for this gift 
Thank you for writing to tell me this. 
LOS ANGELES:Donate blood this weekend with 
Be the type of energy that no matter where you go, you always add value to the space and lives around you. 
Today I will start my morning by doing 6 hours of care with constant pain.   PLEASE start yours having a run or maybe even having a lie in. Whatever it is I would swap within a sec 
T’was such a banging nite 
Aww, thank you!! Ur so sweet! 
We have a couple of spaces for fantastic producers at our mini Love Food Festive markets at the awesome 
RT IF YOU LOVE  YOUR GIRL 
I love you always, Grandma Flawless. 
Elaine is a source of huge inspiration for my team at the moment - what an amazing woman and family 
Congratulations to all 6 magnificent finalists of 
Lil peep wtfffffffffff bro I'm sick
The best advice a woman can give another woman is “Never Depend On A Man.” 
 album 'Consistency of Error' has been voted for in the 2017 awards!Vote here & show them some 
And they lived happily ever after 
Started to embrace my 'extra-ness' and unapologetically doing me... now I'm the happiest I've been in awhile 
Apologize for the regressions from last night, all problems are fixed now with 2.57.1. Thanks everyone for helping resolving this so fast 
‘Lest we forget’ 11.11.11 
Love! She’s a smart one. 
My job has perks, but one of the best parts is telling stories like the one about 
Lost for words about what happened in Vegas today... Sending my warmest prayers & thoughts to all of the victims & their loved ones 
Gorgeous to visit Strictly last night . Debbie’s legs are insane. Mollie is a beaut! And Alexandra is a MACHINE 
New, very favourite photo. 
Trimbles class working in stations to talk about character conflict, cause and effect, and grammar work. So fun to see Ss 
We always end up combining glamour and fun 
Wow. Thank you so much 
I have the urge to reply to every tweet today with ..."Who cares, 
Thank you all for the awesome questions and conversations! Let’s do this again soon!We are so grateful 
“Preact is dope!” Loving the live coding from 
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
“Sticker stories are my favorite kind of writing! Thanks for letting me do this today!”- Student1 My Teacher 
So looking forward to showing my film of 
Beautiful Purbeck morning with Mum. On our way to 
 kicks off today. .
 Vinnies's is ran on donations The Free meals cooked is from donations. Please helpFollow &  RT 
Happy Valentine's Day!!! 
I know it was a minor tournament, but my boys are a family too me. Thanks for the memories boys, it was a pleasure. 
 Atlanta airport and its smoking rooms
Cedric and Quick Study have been long time friends and now get to spend their well-earned retirement together! 
"It doesn’t matter how far you’ve come, “poor” remains in your marrow." 
Good luck Gang.....Blackpool here you come! Enjoy every second. 
Diesel isn't only cute but so well trained
The Little Drummer Men of 
How we are celebrating @ShakaMadida 1st bday in Kirstenbosch with Dada performing 
Looking for a night out? Support a really wonderful cause while wining and dining! 
You're BARACK AND MICHELLE 
You can't visit 
What a fantastic talk from some amazingly funny ladies 
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom ever 
Moby, our mobile little library, wants to meet you! Join us for 
One of those nights..... 
Layers of flaky pastry, custard, buttercream...mmmmmmm!
Okayyyy baby T !!! Congrats babes 
Those that know me will confirm that I am never lost for words. Well tonight i was. I am so proud to have been given this most special award from one of the causes closest to my 
When you finally come back home and fam is still fam
Congratulations to our 1st and 2nd raffle prize winners! We hope you enjoy your prizes and thanks to all who donated. We had a fantastic day at our Christmas Fayre. 
Thank You Switzerland!! See you again soon!!!
Girl Disrupted is an amazing album 
! We love everything you do to support our amazing community in 
Thank u backstage and Gothenburg for last weekend 
Unreal ending to an unreal summer 
We love Caroline. Just so chuffed she’s co-hosting tonight’s 
Can't wait to open up for 
Still cannot believe it! But i know it’s going to be the WEDDING OF THE YEAR! Congrats 
Remembering all the victims and all the heros on this day. 
RUN don't walk to sit in awe of master selfie taker 
I'm just going to leave this here...I love you pesantemikey with all my heart 
I am so proud of you Eunice. It must have felt like a dream. Remember that you are so worth this. You will open many doors and be an example for many as you are for me. 
BIG NEWS!!! 
It's Game Day 
Our hearts go out to all of those affected by the North Bay wildfires 
In sunny Saint-Emilion for some wine tastings
In honor of national signing day
Congratulations to my brothers! Its been great watching you guys all year, can’t wait to watch you guys get another title! Much love!
And the Birthday Celebrations begin.. 
2 days and counting ...join our army of the ground and support our 15th Annual Hospice Face to Face Campaign 
Happy Monday all! We 
27th December it is!!! National theater Accra Ghana 8pm 
This gingerbread caramelicious is making the Halloween let down easier.  And THE CUPS! 
Our CBeebies presenters have sent their hugs for Hospital Heroes and we'll be sharing more stars soon!
We could not do what we do without the wonderful Rosie from NUS. Thankyou so much for everything you've done for us over the past year 
I hear this (almost) every day: you can never have too much bacon! Perfect 
 this!After a hard fought 80 minutes of 
I received mine on release day! I just finished it!! What an amazing read!! The stories and memories are PRICELESS!! Already wanting more! 
New recipe for the grown ups over on the blog 
Today I’m feeling like a very lucky boy.
Have u preordered my new album, 
Happy anniversary to Chendra! She joined the Oregon Zoo elephant family 18 years ago today. 
long & fun rehearsal followed by an incredible show! great first day in NYC
Celebrating Veteran's Day raising our flag with special guests who have served our country. Thank you! 
Nothing better than Thanksgiving with the fam 
Two happy souls on my show today 
 All the First Ladies have stolen from me 
Oh my god Tokyo is totally bonkers I was not ready for this level of what the hell is going on. Here we go....
Hang out with Hi-Rez fans, cosplayers & developers! Grab exclusive items & chat about the games you 
Tradition is no excuse for cruelty.
Q: Can we ever get enough of 
 COMING SOON, ARE YOU READY BEAUTIFUL FANS?F.U.N.M.I.L.A.Y.O  EP 
A sequel to Monsoon Wedding coming up in the form of a stage musical
Feel the love w/ a new one from 
Derek Guest and Kirsten Joerg are two of my favorite Longwood University grads 
i only had the pleasure of getting to know Lil Peeps music recently. but it's clear he made such an impression on this world 
 A novel with many strengths and virtually no weaknesses by 
 Can't wait eek!! It gunna be lit 
No fear for holiday traffic 
/RT to congratulate the Class of 2017 on their big day! 
Walking thru the streets of milano 
Honoring those who asked what they could do for their country and served
Never a dull moment. 
CHICKEN, AVOCADO, MANGO + FETA SALAD 
 congrats on a great achievement 450 games strong. I cant speak highly enough about you, a great role model on and off the pic! Sorry we couldn’t bring the points home together but we go again sat 
Thank you to all the parents who came and supported Dobie PK Back to School Night! 
Sad to be leaving this warm city 
! You still have time to vote for 
We should speak out truth. It is okay to confront. But confrontation with expectation is manipulation. 
STOKE! We are coming up to you tomorrow, it's time to find the new home of Sankeys Stoke 
What a day!! 
The only coal we want in our stockings is charcoal! Time to detox with these great products! Shop 
I can't go a day without listening to 
The husband of my youth..... 
What a day for a few of the younger members of our club....although adults enjoyed it too 
Woohoo! Thanks guys. See you on 18 Jan 
Winner winner chicken dinner we only went and won Group Ambassador Award 
Holidays are great, happy to spend time with the family in campbell river 
Milton Glaser, iconic ‘I 
 Thank you for your hard work this season
I have a beautiful time visiting 
Thanks, Heidi! 
The Red EP is now on Spotify! Stream your hearts out! 
Happy Birthday Mark! Have a fabulous day and do as Nadia says 
Venue finally announced! Can't wait to see you this weekend. 
Forever inspired by Sarina's journey toward loving herself and feeling confident in her own skin
I know you would for me. This is why i
Because health is our favorite super power! We 
New date for early December to be announced today NYC 
Please share! All funds raised going towards 
Massive buzz tonight - proper enjoyed the show, hope you guys did too! I'll see you next week, same time, same place! 
"No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted." - Aesop Happy 
I GOT VIP TO SEE YOU GUYS 
YOU KNOW THE DEAL 
Power stance ladies. We're releasing a little Christmas number for you tomorrow 
THIS FRIDAY! We are delighted to be back in Newc for 
Prince William is carrying on Princess Diana's legacy in such a beautiful way 
Please everyone keep voting for Amy click on the link and vote 
All we need is more love.  I'm here for anyone out there.  Hope this helps 
this was actually another iconic moment. Seeing the robot on prime time TV & not just on soulTrain. That was a first. 
If this doesn't put you in a good mood 
Thank youuuuu for having us!! 
ALWAYS start your day with a phone call to 
...and you can get it signed by Adrian Newey here 
How sweet of you . I feel awesome to be in this group . You already know . It’s nothing but love and deep admiration 4you my android sis  
 My new acoustic video - IM NOT THAT GIRL - is out now 
Massive congrats to our favourite filter drinker 
The target 1$ spot gets me every time! Hoping to do a "minute meeting" with each student to connect and check in & to remind them I care 
 is known for its summer beauty but fall is no exception. We 
AUSTRALIA: This Wednesday is the inaugural ‘Buy A Queer A Beer* Day.” *or a beverage of their choice.                  
Thanks Whit Whit!!! 
So much fun to be back. 
Fantastic news, delighted for you Australia 
My baby is 11 today 
To all graduates celebrating this week, you are now part of a wonderful Alumni community! 
Our girls got balls 
So as it’s my first music video I would love a lot of my fans to be part of it, so give me a message if you would love to be involved 
Giving one lucky reader a $1,000 gift card! All the details (and this amazing red coat) are on the blog - direct link in bio!!! 
Just logged on, thought I misread this tweet! Canadians have been waiting a long time for this! Let’s hope this is where we see a major shift as 
Happy Valentine's Day! Our special 
Pepperoni, on pepperoni, on pepperoni! In-house, hot smoked 
 I totally agree with you as a child the same age as the cast, I would not want to stop for people harrasing me. Actors also have lives even if they are your favorite characters on TV. Loved that you put this up 
Just met Helena who has set up a family run friendship & dating agency from first hand experience of her sister who has a learning disability wanting to find love and friendship.  Details below for London people interested. 
Our honeymoon has come to an end but our next chapter as Mr & Mrs Rowe has just begun...With memories to last a lifetime 
IGF judging surprise: Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles. Incredibly relaxing adventure without combat 
Won't be forgetting this anytime soon! Thank you Harbourlife. 
A year ago today we got silver at the Youth Paralympic Festival in Utrecht 
Latest addition to Tretower's "Dog of the Day"; just four months old, this is Timothy 
Handsome Xavier and his gorgeous date Maddie at drinks before their matric dance...
Oh how I've missed you! 
I Know You by Low Island is our 
MANCHESTER !!!!!!! im here and soon lets have a dance 
We know the feeling. Love at first sight with the MX-5 Cup Car. 
 Top 10 Author - and greatest aerodynamicist of this generation- 
Alwys for u my bro@SAfridiOfficial .The compassion,love,care nd 
Retrospect is #43 in the 'United Kingdom Viral 50' chart on Spotify! Thanks for giving the new single so much love 
Lovely to receive my badge in the post today! Thank u 
Everyone that came tonight more blessings in life love 
happy veterans day dad 
I was dancing along with you!! 
My first single is coming soon!Thank you for the support. Share and follow me 
Last night was fun.. GQ & Charli. Thanks 
On my way to Leeeeeeds for tonight's show at 
Sometimes overlooked is the courage it takes to pursue a career in music. Much 
Helena Hauff + my TVs.. Dream come true 
Very excited to have been chosen to be part of this. Not least because I grew up in Pokfulam
About last night in Amsterdam... Thank you 
happy bday buddy ly man
Hands down the best show ever! Never tire of rocking along to a bit of highway to hell to name but one. Long may you rock Vegas 
I just wanna do stuff that I love, surrounded by people that I love...that's happiness to me 
Still the best feeling ... 
What's your favourite Antalis product? Don't forget to add it to 'my favourites' when ordering online! 
It was an honor to talk with XLR8R.. for real. Enjoy your read 
Please nip into this post and write NE HEARTS WITH GOALS in the comments. We NEED your help 
 Coco Bling was the first highlight I ever bought! Fast forward 2 years and it still keeps me poppin 
And I am reminded that earlier this year I had £7 in my account, now I’m wondering when I’m gonna send my Mum and sis Dubai or move out 
So proud of you little sis
You know the drill! I'm on the plane... I got wifi... let's do a Q&A
Flying back to CPH for BLAST event later this week, always happy to be at your events 
My first headline show!!! Omeara, LDN. Would love to see you all there 
Happy birthday to my best girl 
You're invited to join us for a real dog's dinner, 
Just watched "la famille bleier" 
Wishing a Happy 5th Birthday to 
Happy School Psychologists Week! 
To my Haitian TPS community: I love you and I’ll continue to fight with you. 
Pain teaches you the only thing you can really count on in this world is Your Heavenly Father & Lord Jesus Christ because He loves you and will never forsake you, especially in your darkest hour. 
Do you know Anyone with a business who. Would like to advertise at our Home Scottish Junior Cup tie this Saturday all that's required is a banner drop us a Dm for a wee chat if interested please Retweet and help the Vale 
At the São Paulo airport and I cannot stop thinking about the incredible weekend. The fans, the games, the teams, and casters were all amazing. We still have more work to do to get to the level of esports I want to see Rainbow Six at, but I cannot thank the fans enough. 
If you're offended over my SC I'm sorry. I apologise. All I was saying is I'm fine. And didn't need everyone to diagnose me on the daily.
Watch valerianmovie on 4K ultra HD and Blu-Ray 11/21 
Harvey and Irma, Married 75 Years, Marvel at the Storms Bearing Their Names
I appreciate you!! 
The answer is absolutely yes our community is open to people who identify as female. We’ve updated our name to her+data to reflects this 
Y'all were too fun ...had me singing in a higher key and everything lol Thank you guys for sharing your beautiful energy with me 
Had a great time yesterday at 
VICTORY FOR YORK A! So proud of the boys giving it their all! 
Loved the first three eps of 
I knew SOTC would be amazing, but holy **** that was NJ at its best, and one hell of a show 
I LOVE this time of the year…. 12 days of GRiZMAS is back!!! In the spirit of love and giving, lets all come together and spread the good vibes. 100% of proceeds going to 
Our U19s play their semifinal tomorrow, Sunday at 1pm against St.Finbars on the 4g in Kilnaleck. Please support the girls 
I’m a sucker for beautiful art  thank you 
This morning we found out that Britain's oldest supermarket worker Reg had passed away.We spoke to him a few months ago and were bowled over by his passion and verve. The response to the video we shared of Reg was just incredible.This is what he said that day. RIP Reg. 
Few footy seasons ago but it was a weekend that lit the fuse for where I am today, enjoy the 
 EXPERIENCE & Love , Peace and Reggae 2018 
The Secret to my Strong Core 
Almond square cookies!
thank u so much friend 
Haven't been to the london Capitol office since 5sos lived here, brings back a lot of memories. Missed u guys here 
She said yes!!! So thrilled to be engaged to my soulmate!!! 
12 years ago today, Eddie Guerrero sadly passed away. Miss you Eddie
Congratulations Megan + Aaron!! Thank you for spending your big day with us. 
There's a lot of Water in the Cosmos right now. Crying is good release especially if you're in the middle of a transformation/leveling up. 
Had the best day ever yesterday 
Guys, girls we NEED YouTHE VOTE IS OPEN UNTILL 1pm MONDAYOR phone lines;-  09020 50 51 09Mobile:-6 50 51 09Or APPVOTE NEW GIRL BAND
The beautiful people, the beautiful people... 
 Anyone know who wrote this..? 
The Meadow Dreaming Collection by 
"You'll never walk alone" With every success there's always someone that puts u on that path >thank u Paul & 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY GIRL 
What a week it was last week on 
Just a few people away from my first 1,000 followers! Thank you! 
You’re my everything. 
No words for this! Just beautiful
So thrilled I can finally shout this from the rooftops - delighted to be a part of this amazing show on Broadway!! 
Wonderful to gather at the war memorial today with so many of my neighbours from 
Think i just pee’d a little... very excited for new 
It’s a London weekend with MrsP so it’s dinner for two at Pugh Towers
I love Matt Maltese  
Cultcaine's favourite song 
Start with me.....! 
One of our favorite indulgent recipes...and perfect for the holiday season 
These girls are amazing. Always supporting one another and supporting cast 
 our first dance as a married couple! 
Yes yes yes! Iconic! So happy for you 
Looking forward to my next read! 
 Back by popular demand - Breakfast for Dinner at 
Meet Cody our stunning little boy 
Well done soulful Saira. Wonderful Thali supperclub. We 
tonight’s the night! 
Bradley's fight against neuroblastoma left a legacy that will help generations of children suffering from the disease. His story has raised crucial awareness and his mum and dad have set up the Bradley Lowery Foundation to help other children fight 
In the middle of the ocean with my girl 
How stunning is this venue... a picture from today's build for the team... 
, retweet and follow if you want to see more behind the scenes antics with me, 
 Ola Play. Reduces perceived ride time and makes Indian roads bearable
Our nurses from cardiology are pleased to have joined the 
What an incredible message. Love this piece by 
Oh btw- Just to clarify, Good Enough is not on Synthesis. I played that in honor of The Open Door's 11th birthday today! 
Lovely review of my upcoming Risa EP on 
My first book I’ve ever preordered! Congrats 
Waving and hugging the 300,000 creatives in this community. 
 the 3 families of swans along the 11 beautiful miles of Grand Western Canal Country Park are doing well. No longer “ugly”!
awwww thanks sis.  
Here's wishing the adorable couple 
Queens United was everything and more. Thank u to all the girls to 
thank you everyone for all the kind words...my heart is so full! 
thank u so much to those who rt or donate!! im 30% away from my goal. please help me get there 
Ok there’s just enough time before I’m on air at midnight to talk you through this truly incredible TSV. Will you be joining me? 
Hi, send me a guideline, and I'll send ya a playlist 
Wow! Thank you for such a wonderful night! 5 new subs
's LIVE SHOW IS TONIGHT! YOU READY 
happy birthday sunshine i miss you hope it's a good one 
Sending our love and thoughts to Mexico
«A woman is like an actress: she's always onstage.»Azzedine Alaïa rest in peace, column of fashion world. 
Ready or not, here she comes!! Loubie Lou is our gorgeous 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday messages on Saturday. Appreciate it 
Shared a story about my dad at the Veteran’s Day program and this sweet boy was so touched, he sought me out afterwards to give me a hug.  
F.U.N.M.I.L.A.Y.O  EP?1. Funmilayo 
Found this in my book this lazy Sunday afternoon. Totally made my day. 
Ok. I hold my love dovey movies to a very high standard. And this one... My heart went through a holiday rollercoaster. No character was two dimensional. Everyone had a story, and struggle. 
Toasting our blessings tonight. Loving life 
Do you spot the ears?? Go 
That’s so awesome! 
San Francisco will hold a special place in my heart after last night. Thank you to the 
Little Lilo is such a sweet & special soul who loves dishing out gentle cheek rubs 
Miss McCabe,Vida & Marilynn have had an inspiring day training to become 
YOU TOO COULD LIVE THIS DREAM 
Sending heartfelt gratitude to all veterans! I appreciate & THANK YOU - today & always - for your service.With SO Much Love,Paula xoP 
Protecting children's rights is our priority. 
 love the different structures they came up with! 
Kindly spare a moment to read. Thank you twitterlandia 
Lovely memories were made.. again... 
The race pales into insignificance now but we were strong and ready to take the win.Thinking of Dan and his family and friends at this time 
Are you interested in 5k a day January challenge for#positivementalhealth 2018? 
 WHAT A VOICE YOU GOT!  WOW! 
Lest We Forget. We Will Remember Them.
Tonight’s dinner is going to be pretty boring (sorry Muma) compared to last night’s 
I can’t believe it’s been a year. I love this cover every time I see it! 
Heart breaking to see what's happening at 
Today only, enjoy complimentary monogramming & personalization on hundreds of items across our family of brands! 
Henry, I love this so much! I really appreciate you sharing your father’s work with us
It's almost the Weekend . . Who's ready!? No 'pagne No gain! PURE xx 
I think I am ready for a nap. 
Here it is, thank you so much to everyone that helps out, or takes the time to check out our page. 
OUT NOW!! My Remix of CRW - Feel Love 
An incredible day spent learning with an incredible team from 
Oh my heart! Look at this gorgeous family! Happy Birthday to your Grandma and have a wonderful Thanksgiving! 
When you have scrap you just need a little 
6 people gave blood and it saved my life I will be forever grateful 
Rollo wants to roll all the way into your heart 
Can’t get much sweeter than this!  
Looking for a truly original Christmas gift for a book lover? Check out our Oodles of Doodles gallery!Only 9 days left to bid for original framed art work from brilliant illustrators, like this delicious doodle from 
we rescued this poor 8 week old husky who turned out to have parvovirus. he's such a sweet heart and deserves so much better. any donations be greatly appreciated 
2G 1A! In a 3-2W Proud of my boy 
Looooove this young woman! My daughter and BEST friend 
  We asked this little 4 year old superstar to do a jingle for 
Please read and if possible dig deep for a great cause. 
We are with you Mexico and all those in the path of hurricane Maria. Stay safe and be strong
Wow over half way to Boston thank you so so much we appreciate it with all our hearts 
One more time before I say goodbye for the night you fans are incredible!! Thank you so much for your love and passion for me and my music
Wow!!! Still number 1 on top chart all week. 
The hair, the clothes, the violence, CLEOPATRA JONES is PEAK 70sOn this Friday 7.30pm! Pls RT & spread the word 
When love wins all. 
Unreal how beautiful this drawing is ! Thanks 
Single parents are the unsung heros who deserve tons of praise! Keep up the great work, the future of our country depends on you! 
To honor and thank you for your service to our country, we're proud to offer active and retired military personnel — and their families — a 15% discount* on in-store purchases, today and every day 
Berto will be wearing a leopard skin thong only onstage in Seaton 2018 at 
I agree! I managed to make a return trip to Montreal (
SUCH an AWESOME day! This morning we picked a friends name and were there Gratitude Spies! We  spied on our friend all day and shared at the end of the day all the things they were caught doing to show Gratitude! Thanks 
Thanks everyone. Thanks 
huge congrats to my best friend on signing today!! you deserve it douglas
Have a great field trip! 
His favorite time of year. 
Listen to "To Syria, With 
I will most certainly retweet this!            
Swoon by this vegan flourless chocolate, almond & chestnut brownie cake. Very well done Niki! Wow 
We met years ago, and last night our paths aligned again for a reason. ‘The plights interject’ man like 
NYC: since the other two sold out, we're adding a *3rd* show next Monday 4.17 at 
I'll be supporting one of my heroes 
A3: no two days are alike, and I 
Thanks so much Tim! 
 LOTS O' HUGS
Real pleasure to share Ella's story 
It’s getting late and it a busy day tomorrow but I’m so overwhelmed with the love from tonight
Happy birthday this little girl! #15 laujayyz love u! 
YES - AUSTRALIA!! 
Great job Sara! Thanks 
Plumstead Tesco express we are preparing for Valentine's Day..
Love all these photos! Thank you so much for having me! My heart was full by the time I finished speaking to your students! I
I truly Love the whole collection  of eyeshadow 
the castle. always the castle 
Whilst we have a little attention, we want to big up some amazing orgs working with young people in care. 
Gorgeous Jazz co alumni Alanna Kadji @londonstudiocentre dancing for Helene Fischer at the Bambridge awards 2017 .#jazzco#LSC#talent#
That feeling when your school is a true community. 
Palmers now leaving the town centre. Slowly but surly, the little market town that I grew up in, is becoming no more. 
Popa Chubby Two Dogs World Tour! 
Thanks Chan! Love you too big dawg
Really, really, really loving 
Roots to grow, wings to fly!!!Understand to Innerstand to higherstand to overstand to OVERCOME!
Well Miami, I came with the intention of a marathon set at Heart club last night, but I never expected to end playing for 25 HOURS and 30 minuets! That’s the longest set ever of my life, and would be difficult to repeat it as you can’t plan that, it just happens. Thank you 
Via @ifbbfigurenataliaMr Olympia 2017- 
And my birthday carries on. Received a gift from lovely fan  'Debbie Frisbee'. A massive thx & say hi to rescue dog 'Nemo' & hope he recovers soon 
Gave mama doc a second chance to relive her college Saturday’s at Penn State and it was the best decision I ever made. One final hug walking into Beaver Stadium today with the best! 
Good to see the boys react and bounce back with a win. Massive congratulations to 
Wishing "mom-of-the-year" 
  Bought my hat at a 10k race this year.  Matches my 
If you're in Jersey this Sunday, go see my friends speak on this awesome panel! 
Don't forget Crompton library I'm Oldham tonight 6pm -7pm. A chance to eat cake and share experiences of feeling lonely. 'Think AA for loneliness' All ages welcome 
Going into this marriage survey in the next few weeks, it's more important than ever to take care of yourself 
Vikings take the loss 50-66. Rico Vega led the way with 16 points and Keith Johnson added 11. 
More love please world I’m begging now #
I will always remember this powerful 
We are back and currently sponsoring! Follow & DM for a parternship! 
Our ADE 2017 was just perfect! Check out the official Spinnin' Records ADE 2017 aftermovie to relive it all again 
DVR Alert- Former Navy Seal Joe Crandall and GPVN Founder Alex Archawski on NBC.  It's Veterans Shark Tank time...
Don't you worry boba lovers, we got your back 
This. is. AWESOME! Thanks for the YT love Amy, I know you absolutely killed it today 
A must see movie and a perfect way to honor our Veterans! 
Absolute pleasure to see long-time family friend 
This is out in cinemas today! Love to the fam 
voting nonstop with different accounts for 
Joining us tomorrow night?? Get in touch with us on 07887473341 to be apart of our guestlist tomorrow night 
I wait all year for August to come, and then the fall flies by! Never ready for it to end, especially when a team is so near to my heart. Proud of everything these 14 women have poured into our volleyball program. Thankful for each and everyone of you! 
You are doin amazing people.we pakistani people support this good cause
It breaks our hearts that our upcoming tour in Europe and the U.K. has been cancelled, but mental health should always be a priority. We stand behind 
Ac un arall - "Matilda" - and another! 
Oh look, a couple of 
It’s the weekend time for 
I just want to say how much admiration I have for the courageous women and men coming forward with their stories of abuse by powerful scumbags. Thank you for your bravery. You are making a difference. 
Today we honor those whose lives were affected by the tragedy of 9/11. Gone but never forgotten 
Thanks bub. We'll definitely hit the gym soon
Don't make me beeegggggg 
Our Rossvale Twitter Man of The Match today goes to the Whole Squad.... in what's been a hectic 4 weeks we now sit proudly in 2nd Place in the league and in the 3rd Round of the Scottish Cup on behalf of the Chairman & Committee  well done boys keep believing 
Let’s go, Bayern! 
Some of my favourite photos from Rossendale’s Remembrance Parade today 
Can’t wait to see this little pup when I get home! (And my family too obviously!) I feel very lucky to be headed home for a couple days
Shoutout to all the people that have helped change gamers lives.Whether it be just watching, subbing, lurking, or just RT’ing a content creators work.We all would be nowhere without you. Thank you. 
Thoroughly enjoying watching my son and his best mate try and get their ball back 
The past 7 days were full of creativity, love & support and I couldnt be more grateful! All the ladies at 
On children’s day....... let’s all find the child within us and set it free. Happy in the now. Unconditional 
Love Oakland? Put Your Money Where Your Heart Is! Shop, Stroll and Indulge on Plaid Friday Weekend (Nov. 24-26). Over 200 Oakland merchants and artisans are offering specials, extended hours, holiday festivities, and more! 
Happy birthday Kim thank you for being a goat love you 
regrann from janae_aniece  -  Today!!!! Make your way down to I 
Dad. Best job in the world. 
Bless!!! One for the books 
Be yourself. Show your true colours. They will follow. Lots of Love 
I think I'm gonna call my next project (15) but for now here's MOST ACTIVE 3 I love and appreciate all my supporters 
 Approach the week with boundless enthusiasm and POUR YOUR HEART INTO IT! 
Sometimes our greatest journeys need to be walked alone. Your hopes and dreams are just that, Yours. They do not need to be shared by your loved ones, only supported
Help us survive out on the road.Buy some of our merch.Link: 
It's time to recognise the hard work our stream team is doing to build great communities on 
The movie won't be out till january where i live but i'm already in love with it 
Unbelievable week with this pair who I love to bits! Thanks for your extraordinary and amazing support 
Gotta' wish all at 
30 minutes away. We’ll miss you 
thank u bean!! i am so close to my goal. appreciate any and all help! if u could rt or donate that would go a long way 
 How cool is this...!!Two Absolute LEGENDS... different generations.. who LOVE their Hurling!  
Thank you South Africa. I Feel proud to be a South African. Your love and support completes me. 
Wonderful to have the support of actress Sunetra Sarker for 
 Good morning Australian friends. I just posted a stupid little vid on Facebook. 
I have to thank the fans that came out to 
 please come and spread the word 
So much love and excitement embodied in this hug
Best thing about the UK is we welcome all religions/ethnicities. Campaign divided us. 
This crew though... 
I am feeling on top of the world. Work doesn’t get any better than having the privilege of leading a bold and brave organisation like 
girl we ugly cried with you. So so so proud
wow last night was sick 
Get ready for ADE by watching this movie about the do's & dont's when you go clubbing in Amsterdam. Celebrate Safe
Can’t even lie.. proud of the way 
Annabell’s homecoming video... 
 but the credit belongs to theproductionhouse.ca for amazing work! and these inspiring women.
Today, kinder students brought their favorite stuffed animal to school & had their first "show & tell". 
Pirates go to School! 
HAPPY SUNDAY! Open your 
Perform a random act of kindness & like this post once done! Let's make a big difference together today 
HAPPY FRIDAY! I have a new piece about babies/the apocalypse, if you’re interested. Many thanks to 
Easy run with my training partners 
TONIGHT! birmingham with my favs 
so pleased people are interested in the scheme, thank you for having me today 
WHAT AN INCREDIBLE SURPRISE!! Thanks so much 
Thank you for an incredible day & Thank You for your service 
My old home sky 
We remixed our song “Run the world” Get dem grooves at 
We’re thankful for the coaches that instill the best in us 
S/O to my sisters, teachers, mentors! I’d be nowhere, dark-room foundering w/o your guidance. & s/o to the matriarchs of the LitFam who are/recognize/create/ platform & blaze the intrepid way forward 
Say hello to Christmas gin cocktail number 1. This gingerbread creation is made with 
ultimately proud to work for my hometown team - Chorley Football Club 
So so so happy to hear this! 
Happy Holidays from some of your Onyx Dance Team members 
Plumstead Tesco express we are preparing for Valentine's Day 
Love and miss you I'll see you tomorrow 
Not that we need a day to celebrate!   
Tonight Portland Is sold out so on the West Coast you still have SF on the 18th at the 
Available for hire for brief winter wonderland visits on the standard packages which do not include snap posts or a ‘today was nice
I threw a spin on one of my favourite 
Happy Red Nose Day. 
Awww, how cute.
Gotta think of the good ol days at times like this!  
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! I love you father be safe on your flight 
"After 18 years, some 900 programmes and gigs... this is the last ever Jazz on 3" 
It's pink and that means that it's a girl!!!!!
I know it’s late but thanks to everyone who tuned into 
The good luck charms 
It's been announced!! We've won 
Bitterness keeps you from flying, always stay humble & kind
Gettin’ excited for game time! 
What a night! Always a pleasure playing at Tallaght Person of the Year 
We had a wonderful Veteran's Day Assembly today. Thank you to everyone who has served our great country. 
Missed us? We've missed you 
Retweet if you're thankful for your rescue cat 
Every year is new but those you love are the same 
Huge thank you to my fantastic team, 
Instead of building more walls, let’s build more bridges - 
You tell them kid! 
Loved that!Thank you to those who came and gave your time (and phones!) to listen to an entire album together-so rare! 
Gutted ain’t the word, feel awful  for the boy 
Great pics! We love these. Thanks for sharing! Nice meeting you too 
I know I’m not a massive Influencer, but y’all are always gassing me up making me feel like I am lol ty for that 
Great meeting with Crafts Council and 
It's genuinely heartbreaking seeing so many people taking their lives due to a depressive illness. Please remember to be kind to one another. Cherish your friends and family. Talk + Guide one another.There's no shame in support. 
 Still on those weekend vibes, Settling into my soho pad and I'm falling in love with it every… 
Classic Accies, One guy who's come through the ranks and another whos been given a chance after being abandoned by others....a real football club 
 notice me cause I love you 
That's wat u call class, been out 8months & put everything he's learnt in2 action , well dun son, whole family  proud of u & love u 
Who run the world? Girls! Or at least tonight they’re running the Laugh Factory. We 
Feeling extremely blessed to officially be a razorback
There are things we can't do, and things we CAN do... come and visit us in the HUB today, and tell us your struggles and skills 
Hi SANTA ROSA! This show is a benefit for Santa Rosa Fire Relief. We hope you can make it out and we can help your city rebuild. 
Welcoming the two newest members of YM fam! Evelyn Victoria and Vivienne Marx 8.18.17 
Dedication to all my patient advocates dear friends w/ the 
Fancy some Christmas shopping in London today? 9am-6pm 69 Albert Bridge Road, Jack Perfume will be available alongside a host of other amazing brands including @sophiedundasclothing 
Bigots are redProtesters are blueWe are not paid advocates 
Max has been for his booster today, thank you to his lovely chauffeur aunty 
They always hit me in the heart. 
You are seriously toooo sweet hmmmm maybe we will have to some how recreate us both being red for s day or something 
Just reached 55,000 on instagram! Thank you guys!! 
Times Square with my best friend 
I love my mum she such a funny lady
Regarding last night.So much love D.C. for coming out 
Defying stereotype and predictions, young Australians turned out in droves to make their vote count and to help deliver a yes. Our nation’s future is bright! 
Hey guys , we on our way to tonight’s show in Barnstaple. I just wanted to thank you for all for your very kind birthday wishes, they mean so much to me. Let’s party party tonight dawg!! 
Recognition for my youngest, Geremy. His first article that highlights his basketball talent. 
We’re having a birthday party and you’re all invited 
YAY NICO what a beautiful work!!! 
We’ve had a minute away from playing shows and we hate it. We can’t wait to see you all in December along with our 
Who likes our new Well Head fount?
So glad u enjoyed 
Nothing like coming home from our 
New dresses available to pre-order now at 
In June we lost one of our closest friends and biggest 
Check out this awesome LIVE video we were featured in today!! 
 (21) thanks for a v good interview
Walked down the road to take in a show by eltonjohn 
Amazing show guys!! I
I’m climbing a small mountain to help Moe climb a very big mountain.  Please help him too, if you can 
So let’s make this happen, get Amber to see 
Next Tuesday...Ben Ottewell 
Someone's bravery and willingness to serve and protect our great nation has NOTHING to do with their sexual orientation. I love and respect ALL members of our military and to them I say thank you! 
Love you guys! Thank you for making our first show in Spain/Catalonia so wonderful! 
Pope Francis!! You’d 
Proud of Brian Mason, one of our 
Lovely evening last night at the NWFA2017. Honoured to win Women's Player of the Year. Was especially nice having my dad there, my biggest supporter from day one
Honorary graduate Sir Terry Wogan will always be in our hearts on 
So tour is quickly approaching. Please click on our link below to donate and help us with our Spring Tour 2018 to Malta. We are a non-profit company so all money raised will go towards our tour. Thank you massively in advance. Love from 2018 3Fallers
I love seeing good people win, evolve and thrive. 
Scrolling through social media and saw this... 
That feeling when your mind’s made up & your heart is in the right place. 
All you need in life is good friendship and laughter... it’s the little things 
Can't wait to enjoy Islington's beautiful new library 
 Week is here! We're celebrating w/ our great friends, the hilarious 
Give back to rec sites & trails you 
Just navigating our way through to camp with these angels 
Oh so excited!! Who’s coming out to say hi??? No pun intended...or is there. Hard to say...
Missin St Lucia &great spots like THIS: 
Here we go. Tune in between 4-7 pm tonight to hear the first play of my brand new single. Row The Body will be available to stream and download from tomorrow 10th of November. So I’m looking forward to the entire 
Oh she never stops. This morning in bed, it was a like a negro spiritual songI Often I have a waltz at breakfast. Last night it was a ‘Harvey, Harvey’ song with new words. Apparently it’s usually sung  ‘Daisy, Daisy’... I think. I love them all. 
Certainly do....even if it's only for two hours this time.....I'll be back.... 
All you need is love and a gorgeous girl called Loubie Lou this 
Music Maker JAM + 
Perfect view from our amazing box.  
This little lamb cried for help so much that she almost lost her voice — but someone heard her and came to the rescue 
 Richard gave Lynne his last ROLO 33 years ago for Valentine’s Day, how sweet! Who would you give your 
OMG I don't even know where to start MISSY
WOW!!!!  
It's been a long couple nights in the hospital but all worth it with our healthy 6lb 8oz girl! Mummy done a amazing job so proud of her! 
You NEED to watch Ashton Kutcher's adorbs speech about Mila Kunis and their fam 
My heart just exploded. 
Just had a great walkthrough of EATALY. In Los Angeles WOW AND THX.   
Hope you get your furever home Max 
 notification this morning: look at dogs in sweaters and know that everything will be Ok 
Playing Crossing Boarders Festival , The Hague, tonight!Come by if it pleases thee 
It's the LAST DAY to bid for 
 OH AND BTW, as a HUGE thank you, anyone that pre-orders our album tomorrow will see their name in our album thank you’s! You will have 24 hours starting at midnight! YAY!!!! Oh and No Purchase Necessary info is here: 
I need this in my life! 
"Look! I tried a flash forward in my writing like we learned in RW."  
Nashville, NYC, Houston, & LA - I’m bringing I Don’t Believe We’ve Met to you. Limited release party pre-order packages available tonight at 7pm local time. Your order gets your name on the guest list & VIP packages include a M&G 
Loved celebrating the greatness of these Wells Explorers today! 
December is almost here, and we’re reflecting on the past few weeks - it’s been so encouraging 
Tickets on sale now for June tour! Link in bio 
There's nothing like watching two 50+ year-old kids getting blunted in the fountain of youth to remind you that skateboarding truly is the best thing ever. 
i’m updating my playlist for pre-show music, send any requests you have... 
This was the most fun ever! Thank you so much 
Everyone please vote for Amy 
...I just couldn't resist ...days of touring through the Karoo on a bicycle 
This guy is awesome... thank you 
(and it is a breathtaking dream.
Missy - Thank you for this message. And thank you for your part in making a difference. 
Dear Africans, These Young Girls Deserve Endless Retweets 
This is the loveliest thing and I am so proud. 
Send me pictures of dogs. Please & Thank you 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!! Feeling very loved by you all today! 
Over 2.6 million views! Still one of my favorite dances! 
IT'S HERE!!! CHECK OUT MY Q+A VIDEO!!! Leave comments, let me know what you think! What I have to say about 
Rugbytown 7s.... miss it already. 
What a proud moment! Manushi Chhillar 
English or Thai Signature Menu at The Crazy Bear 
LOVE if you can't WAIT to start your advent calendar 
So so proud of our lil cast !!! 
Welcome to the Warner Nashville fam, 
Chai Eggnog Latte....that’s how I roll 
 heading home from a lovely wee break with Emma and the man who… 
I’m sending mine SOON! 
“The falling leavesdrift by the windowthe autumn leavesof red and gold...” - 
Thank you Ian for helping us put into words the love we have for Ottawa
Need some real talk... Head to my girl 
4G data that isn't behind the Great Firewall 
See you next Saturday philly at everybody hits
On behalf of Australia, so proud to announce: 'the survey saaaaaaays'..... YES !!  
So grateful to The Academy of American Poets (
Wow... what an unbelievable read! 
ReTweet if you've ever stayed at this beautiful resort in Depoe Bay. 
Nothing but enormous respect & admiration for this incredible team 
Late night chats with his awesome gal 
So excited to soon have this incredible 
Dear In-Store shoppers, we love you too 
Missing the vibes already! 
And y’all still weird. 
Pasta you fuck up my stomach but I love you and I will never stop eating you 
Wont He Do It! 
Cheesemaker's breakfast. Thanks 
Delighted to have signed a long term contract 
Thou shall honor the wearer of the 
Giants is #18 on hot ac radio in America, babies we top 20!!! Huge love to everyone who believed in this song
Meet Rafnaz, a child who’s been sponsored by 
Early Morning Reflection...... 
Shout out thanks and love to my heroes 
Yum. Yum. YUM. That 
 yes!!!! ‘Expect the unexpected!’ Love it 
Forgot how good the Autonomic Fabriclive album was jeeeeez, absolute game changer. Up there with Caspa & Rusko’s in terms of forward thinking 
Awesome compilation of an awesome night! Thanks for having me 
Without these Founding Members, 
Gimme da.....
Elephants should never be anyone’s trophy. They’re magnificent and important animals, not a bragging right. 
Thank you guys for taking part in our 
LEAVING NEXT WEEK 4 AUSTRALIA + ASIA TOUR. INCLUDING MELBOURNE MUSIC WEEK & 
देसी thumkaas always gets everyone going! What's your choice for this 
Thank you the One & Only Hawa Hawaii, my idol, our dear 
R.I.P. to the Great Legendary 
In Leeds tonight at the Key Club with The Movielife. Should be really fun. Thank you to Bristol and all who traveled. Great gig 
Just a reminder, there’s about 10 of these silk screened posters left. All signed by me; will be shipped after the holidays 
Old School 1959Follow me for Gigs/Releases
 oh my GOD !! so excited !!! 
B L E S S I N G . 
All satos (slang for street dog) are brilliant! 
LOVE. THIS. 
And the winner of the coolest fish of the night goes to...RT: Sea-toad.
We're excited to share that our first four 
72 hrs...LASalt Lake CitySt Louis Detroit LALots and lots and lots of 
I’m so obsessed with the Miss Universe class this year! And of course my girl 
Melon Magic tonight w/ 
Hey guys. Would love it if you'd take a look and share my tale of woe so others don't have the same experience! 
TEAM OF THE YEAR, wouldn't want to do it with anybody else! 
Meet Kim and Soung. They’re doing this for their families and for each other 
BC Place will host 27,000+ 
Only 12 DAYS AWAY from our first competition as World Elite! 
Collaboration, consistency, & ClassDojo. 
Thank YOU for all your support! 
Your last chemo treatment is today. It’s time to celebrate!We’re thinking of you & sending strength 
Monarchs take the set 15-8 to win the match!!
There is literally a band called FITNESS (for your gymsperation) 
Our debut album proper: Colón Man out now on DDS 
Our residents have started their sculpting course in our community cafe today ! fantastic work so far guys! 
Big things happening next week
Thanks Katie! Hopefully people get the message 
2 Champs enjoying there day off in the field 
My Heart is FULL. 
Dear VETERANS,From the bottom of my heart, I thank you for your service to our country.  Please enjoy 50% off 1 item at Lana’s House with a military ID, DD214 or VA documentation till Sunday.
I so digg the sound, stylo and show 
Awesome!! Enjoy 
Bryan Adams - (Everything I Do) I Do It For You 
Saying bye to Big Brenda is hard! 
Congratulations to our very own Emily Uranga for showcasing stage management at state!! 
 Building a connection with the community one awesome visitor at a time. Thank you to our special Firefighter for teaching us about fire safety! 
A tad down this weekend, completely lifted up listening to 
Always do my best to stick around after the show to meet everyone 
Stellar list of inclusive texts here. 
Living with your best friends is just the best thing
I love you, Ashley Godby 
He isn't afraid to stand up for people AND animals 
Croco-towel & his trusted sidekick would 
haha Glad to hear it's working wonders for you 
Haven't bought your Christmas cards yet? THEN WAIT!!! Check these beauties designed by 
It’s a beautiful day to eat THB and move in with this guy. 
What an audience today!!! 
Pre-order this amazing new book by 
Yes! We absolutely L
I absolutely LOVE YOU 
KILIMANJARO- The most humbling & heart warming experience of my life 
 to when JJ and Will fell in love. 
Oh my god I removed the last post because someone reminded me of untouched HAHAHAHA. Thank you guys for all the 
Pear & ginger cake  at the 
This elephant thought a swimming man was in trouble, and rushed to his rescue 
It's a Brighton Italian love-in 
thank you, Manchester!!!
Come get  your midweek boost! Visit us online or in person. 
We had a full house last night as 20 lucky local children’s charities were chosen to receive funding from this year’s 
THE FAIREST OF THEM ALL! 
Bac Stage,Hovet Stockholm,Sweden....rockin’ mY 
HAPPY 17th TO MY BESTIE!!!! love you so so much maci b!!! 
Love is nothing to rush, I know you wouldn't hurry meWould you like to be Mrs. Sydel Alicia Curry-Lee?My beautiful fiancé 
Just a sweet reminder - do something nice today!
Who wants a pair of grips?! 
Going to miss Debbie’s killer pipes. Love that energy. 
A House To Mend A Broken Heart
Once jazz finds you it never lets go
It's a husky's life, Finnish Lapland: travel photo of the week 
Fastest 100 Million on Non-film song in India till Date. We did it. That's record.Thankyou everyone 
Course tear down was a family affair as the WHOLE clan stayed late on Sunday night. 
There is only one happiness in life to LOVE and be LOVED 
Thanks j love you man
The Royal Castle in Warsaw 
Loving Germany so far. Next stop 
they've all been hurt, that's what made them stronger! 
Make sure you pursue your passion today
"You're holding backing the species, baby" -Leron Thomas 
We are so grateful for those men and women who have and who are currently serving for our country, Happy Veterans Day 
This is the most excellent news I’ve heard in a long time! Mountview is in INCREDIBLY capable hands! Congrats Steve 
Stay strong Houston! 
Romance was in the air last night 
We've been nominated on Drum&Bass Arena for best Remix Thanks everyone who support us!!!
How i miss Bali vibe 
Thankful for these turkeys! #HappyThanksgiving#firstgrade
See the difference your toy donation can make in the lives of children who visit the 
Happy birthday livvy;) love you to death girl and I can't wait to make even more memories w/ you
 thank you for coming to Bedford. Loved the show, couldn't stop laughing and smiling 
Thanks for all the new followers and subs tonight. Stream was fun 
hello chicago. . .nice to see you again. . .n.
What a classic! We love Ray Charles' performance of "Georgia On My Mind." RT if you 
Moving house and getting ready for Thanksgiving in the same week is nothing short of cray, but
4 years on. Love ya mate 
Ok. I might not be able to go but I’ll buy 10 tickets and give them away to 
R.I.P Coach Radford Rest easy man
Honeymoon Adventures With My Hubby! 
Aside from the fact that the person who wrote this article has obviously never visited 
 Raspberry and White Choc Muffins. 
 beautiful new fundraising leaflets just arrived, thx 
As you know  thanksgiving is tommrow for  me it's 1:46am I'm incredibly  thankful for 
Great Health Walk this morning!  Next one at 2.30pm in the upstairs lobby 
Yes I know I'm banging on a lot about this just don't want you to miss it 
What a school can look like that is designed for 
Always have so much fun playing in Nottingham 
PAPER CHAINS begins as school lets out for Thanksgiving break, so I can’t help but think of Katie & Ana today, walking home after the final bell, totally unaware of the adventures ahead. Thankful for all of you who have supported this book and its very grateful author. 
Happy birthday to our brother from another mother, we love you Jamie
Fucking bangin day recording a new 
Can't wait to see THIS fav renaissance man and fun time friendo 
I'm performing in Chicago tonight, opening act for the Amazing 
This morning is U2 in honour of you 
Here's a full stream of 'Your Love Is A Power' (feat. Dan dans K)Out now on 
I'm so incredibly grateful to have been apart of this family. Playing Cindy has given me so much joy. Let's make this season a great one
The cash you raised for Red Nose Day is helping people like Bill do amazing things. Your support really does change lives, 
Pizarro is closed all day today for a private event! José open as usual for that Monday tapas fix 
MILANO TONIGHT UGH SO EXCITED 
Proud to have been part of this community for over 3 years now. Much love Nick n28LOVE 
Thanks again for watching & tweeting! 
There's something about the Hunter's 
Make her holiday season with with red, white and blue accessories! 
Happy Birthday to me. Thank you for the feels, Pacific ... and thank you for the love, friends. 
I now pronounce you 'friend and friend' this weekend reminded me of the value of friendship and how special these people are. What a lucky woman I am to share the world with women like 
Thank YOU - as a Dr (& having experienced stillbirth myself this year) I think it’s so important to help mums minimise risk 
Much love to these boys.We were, we are, we will always be
Xx you certainly made him proud
Thanks guys!!!! 
Good luck on your movie premiere! I wish I can be there to watch but I'll be there in spirit 
My fucking guy man
So I’ve just watched the 
Absolute buzzing, 3 points and 95th minute winner 
Kickoff Season 7 in the know. Another Overwatch Hero Meta Report from 
Happy birthday to my lil guy!!! I can’t express how proud I am of him.  
"You should never doubt your capacity to make a difference, because you can, and you will." - 
Just 2 girls hugging it out 
Wow. Still soaring from last night’s 
Thankful, grateful, and blessed to work in this wonderful community 
That first goal was for you bud 
This is Smiley. He dedicated his life to making others smile. Today, his battle with cancer ends. He is our first 15/10. Rest easy Smiley 
How did you like that FREESTYLE!? Our dances are done, now we need your VOTES!! 
Thank you for everything Mr Marcus Intalex 
can't wait to see my boys go off this year
Doors are open to the 3rd Annual 
During the game-winning drive in overtime, 
Her gracious, graceful Lise 
Abby '18 is an Art History concentrator & fellow Peer Career Advisor! She loves contemplating Blueno on the green, and loves helping YOU during Open Hours! Come visit her and others from Sun-Fri from 1:30-3:30PM! 
Watch this amazing new scene on 
Wrote this when I realized I feel the most free when I'm dancing alone. Hope this helps you lose yourself a bit 
Be a better person than someone who is easily swayed by what society wants you to believe. Be a leader 
I would love to visit
Was so nervous but such a cool experience ! 
This tour combines two of our favourite things: penguins and sunsets. What's not to love?? 
Follow & retweet for a chance to win tickets for 
Thanks for the small press love, 
 , you are all amazing! Thank you for the support, it means the world to us!
Unread books, cozy outfits, Google, and Flannery O'Connor 
I hope U had a good time last night!! Thanx my friend!! We appreciate that!!
Just a great day with my flaka 
Happy birthday gorgeous girl 
Thankyou guys. Thankyou so much. Your all so amazingly kind to me. Special people. 
Breakaway on home roads... great experience, thanks to everyone for the shouts along the way... you all made it 
10 years of waiting and we finally receive some recognition for what we do 
Blockbuster happiness!!!! Love you all 
After last weekends incredible show I am inspired, I am having a Friday night in with a cup of tea and this little gem 
Yo yo yo! 
This This This. 
so sad to hear of the passing of david cassidy...  he was always so kind to me - such a pleasure to have had him on my show...  sending love and prayers to his family...  R.I.P. friend 
I've got one! 
Traveling across London, 
Change happens fast, from an open letter to tanks: 
I am very proud to tell you I became a granddad again of a fantastic little girl named Nikki Jazz 
Preston "P-Stone" Maigetter 
These Cookies are sooo good 
"You’re a person. As someone who put her face to something to humanise it, ironically, you get dehumanised. But you’re a person. Not a campaign. Not a political slogan. Not a belief. A person." 
Thanks for all the kind words so far. Next time we release music, it's gonna be a lot more than 3 songs. Much love 
My two favs in one picture 
You’re welcome! 
What an amazing first run of @heavenearthtour today!! I love our team 
4 years ago I stepped on this field as a 17 year old freshman who was immature and unsure about what was to come! Today I left Ladd Peebles as a man and in the most perfect way possible! Thank you to my teammates and Jagnation! I love you!
As our performers take their final bows we just wanted to say a huge congrats to everyone who took part in what has been a fab 
I can't believe it's already been 2 weeks since the 
'We're only human......' 
Happy birthday to the legend my bro 
 Ann I would have loved to be a fly on the wall and seen you do your 
Working on our fitness! Zumba Wednesdays! 
Happy date of birth to a really great and funny guy who is one of my favorite memers and weebs 
YESSS! I'm finally going to see 
Awww Sav! Thanks so much, miss ya
A special night on our Barge with 
Young people have been busy making this collage today to share memories of Youth Work Week 
So many reasons why I 
Australia has voted Yes to equal marriage - once again showing idiotic politicians and journalists are light years behind the public 
Thank you to everybody who gave all their energy to make this weekend so dope. Thank you 
I should probably mention my dad was 
H A P P Y L 
In that party mood and can’t stop thinking about 
I was going to play this in my set tonight anyway but this is even more of a reason to! 
:( I'm so sad!!! But I know it's for the best, you work so hard and I know there is so much more to come. I love you. You are the best. I hope you realize how much we all love you... we will always support you 
Taylor stans supporting another legend 
This is a wonderful thing. 
This needs to be on the banner waving above this November. 
I am STILL gagging. Love my friends 
This made me smile this morning! Thank you 
Well I'm burning, I'm burning, I'm burning for you... The meat game at @hobakkoreanbbq is fiyah 
Snuggles with my boys to end a Friday night=nothing better!
seX,mUrder,pArty @ Max Schmeling Halle,Berlin....mUch loVe U gave mE
 Day 3. We are grateful for students who love to read so much they grown when it's time to stop! 
Had so much fun playing Minecraft disasters with 
Thank you to our veterans!! My heart 
Devastating  to lose another to this horrible disease. We can all learn something from Gord-he wanted to make the world better and he did
For 10 DAYS ONLY, we've relaunched our "JUST BE" TEE, all profits from which benefit 
Big thanks to Punktastic for the shout out 
Seriously such an amazing weekend with so many wonderful people!!! 
 if you think it's a good idea for a BBQ this weekend 
Can’t believe I’m blessed enough to be put in a position to do this... I
Doing what I love most in tevyncole 
A beautiful rendition for everything Qarib to your 
thanks to the great audience last night at 
themadiousCentral Park can be wild sometimes, check out our blog for Emily + Jason's NYC engagement session. 
Happy birthday to the fellow stover alum. Miss and love you! 
Dinner. Done. 
This sounds amazing! Well done Oldham library! 
A beautiful and inspiring evening, honoring the life and legacy of 
When someone’s nice to me (w/ 
Any suggestions fr non toxic pest control? In Chennai 
Big up my London dons making their way into the music game Cos of the work they are putting in #
Michelham Unit is ending PJ Paralysis, love my team 
The lovely guys st 
A powerful post by an outstanding teacher and her students about how picture books have changed them. Thank you 
So proud Lukey boy you were all bloody fab 
My neediest boy. 
Saturday night. #
Just walked into a bookstore in Amsterdam and look what I found on the shelf! 
Happy coming out day! Everyone should be able to
Can't believe this was a year ago today. Happy Anniversary my love! 
‘It’s great to see small newsrooms win awards tonight.’ Look at 
You can watch live theatre on Broadway and you don't even have to wear pants! 
Sending my love to NYC and those affected by yesterday's senseless tragedy 
Such an honor to be attending & performing at the 
With extensive facial injury the thing keeping her entertained is the ace family 
Can't W8 to wear the RGC shirt on Sunday against Scarlets. Support RGC Women in 
2017 has been our best year since first forming Axwell Λ Ingrosso in 2014 - thank you all and see you soon 
Go hang out! Spread some love! Make some friends! 
My absolute favourite view when delivering  our handmade chocolates- 
In love with this beautiful single by my favourite 
Please take time to read this poignant story by 
Celebrate the Lebanese independence day with 
Mr & Mrs, a decoration for the happy couple 
The feeling's mutual! 
my incredible women friends sharing stories & thoughts in a loving, curious and strengthening way. I love you I need you thank you
Abbey Green filled with brilliant indies & looking absolutely gorgeous in autumnal colours for today's 
"I'm up for tannin' some windows in" - 
Brilliant 2-0 win for Scotland Olympiad team in the final against Italy. Amazing to see six East Fife players involved in the squad. 
Spent the night mourning & adoring 
Big facts thoo, good looks on the love thoo 
They gave me Champagne a rainbow Custard tart and endless support and love. I've got good mates.
Eeeek so excited for a last minute trip to the Manchester Christmas Markets at the weekend with bae 
Brand new premier of Nitin’s remix of David Scuba & Dance Spirit. Such a dope remix. Please share! 
Father-daughter relationships are very important throughout a girl's life — here's proof 
Top night in Madrid, thank you guys 
Tan’s latest Instagram Live is now up on our YouTube channel! 
Thanks for all the birthday love. You make a girl happy 
saturday + techno = 
We've been to some incredible gigs this week! 
Proud of you, Jess! 
 is such a hilarious yet devastatingly sad film ! 
Had a blast yesterday shooting 
You just have to love Dee. So real. In every way. 
It's a one in a life time opportunity, and I got to do it with my family watching.
In love a little bit with the wonderful creation that is 
2nd Grade Sound Energy Marching Band Parade today!  Some clever instruments they designed. 
Happy birthday buddy! Have a good one
I know, I know ANOTHER video bit it really WAS such an amazing day 
Sending so much love to Australians waking up to the results of the marriage equality vote. Let's hope it's a celebration of love!                  
What a beautiful story! Keep dreaming BIG 
It's a way of life...
People don't just leave an abusive partner because it is not so simple, everyone's life comes with complications. Initiatives like pet fostering for those who are fleeing an abusive relationship can be life changing. This video is beautiful and shows the power of community 
 such a  fresh, entertaining, light hearted,soulful film
"Build it and they will come" over 20 in tonight's boxfit/circuit session we have a great vibe and atmosphere in my new gym 
Thanks for the bday messages everyone! A Birthday I’ll never forget in front of a 
Just dropped Famba's latest remix on our SoundCloud page! Check it out and let us know what you think 
Got some good news to share! I did the 
Man. So cool 
thank u for including us in Best of the Week, 
Needless to say Sam Allen is one of the best workers I had the privilege to work with
Love Bread will be at our event on Thursday 23rd November 
Thankful for all my friends and family that has supported me and can’t wait to play at the next level! Go State!
4 brand new t-shirts including "T
“Find what you love and let it kill you” 
I'm like a kid at Christmas I can't wait to get my fillers and Botox done again. 
Aw, shucks! We’re blushing 
From the bottom of hearts we want to thank everyone that came to our event tonight. You all gave us hope 
When our fears come to pass & the dust begins to settle; we find fewer obstacles w/ the capacity to hold us back. I
 heart checks tonight from 5-10pm at 
::sigh:: It’s just so pretty 
Feels sooooo good to be back in Australia! My home away from home! 
Hi!   I LOVE that!!! What country?  I'm so passionate about adoption. 
Thanks for making me your daughter for the past 30 years. I will miss you, Wayne. 
So much dope music in NY tonight. Kill it boys 
SORRRYYYYY!!!! 
Honored to be interviewed for this article! Thank you 
Get your paws moving at our 5k Fun(d) Run! Run w/ your pet OR an adoptable shelter dog looking for a fur-ever home 
What an amazing turnout! So proud of us all
Want to play at Kazoo! Fest 2018?! We're accepting music submissions until Dec 1st 
For our next release, we have something very special from 
Embrace the hottest colour of the season with 
That is appropriate as men collect the trash, a difficult job not many want but which society needs. Thanks men 
We got mats on mats thanks to 
I felt right at home with 
Still thinking about that sweet times! 
Incredibly proud and excited to be able to share this.Lone - DJ Kicks. September 29. Preorder: 
 When you post clips from our MONTREALITY interviews, please credit us. Much much luv..! 
Wow what a night! Thank you 
It's my 1 poem to 
What a wonderful idea! So excited to get started on this 
Thank you for coming Georgia!! 
$8.3 Million! Thank you Alberta for making your mark on the lives of more than 480,000 youth representing 159 charities across Alberta. 
You're defo rockin' it! You look amazing  
 I ABSOLUTELY LOVE WALK AWAY THANK YOU GUYS FOR SUCH A LOVELY TRACK
1st match was incredible. Let's see what 
Seriously, nothing better than tea from 
worked hella hard on these tracks, would be dope if you could listen 
Just as Marianna stands up for what she believes in,we too have to do this.It just the right thing to do
Check out our story with NY-1 Arts & Culture reporter @stephsimonnyc as we talk about… 
1 of 2 Thanks for all of the kind words about 
Sunset vibes from the other weekend in Morgan City 
A very warm welcome to Zug Cantonal Government. Department of Economic Affairs, Labor & Promotion visited us to discuss our latest challenges & lend their support!Thanks for all your hard work & support to make the Valley an awesome place to work 
Couldn't be prouder of my amazing year 
This has completely made my day, Tahereh. Honored to be in this company, and thank you!!! 
Lots of giving spirit at Cabarrus-Kannapolis Early College 
Enjoy these fab new pics from the set of the video I just directed for 
Totally off-topic but Wendy Williams’ hair looks fab in this gif! 
Wishing the fabulous Lucie Jones a great last day in THE WEDDING SINGER - thank you for gracing us with you extraordinary talents 
Although she is so beautiful and I love her boobs, one must concentrate on other parts also for the perfect experience 
Our students have so many work skills that benefit our school and community!
LETS HELP MEXICO! 
This’ll make you want to text those real special people in your life and tell them you 
Had a really great time last night with 
Relationship status: still in love 
I'm cycling 100 miles in 9 hours to fundraise for 
Merry Christmas from the GM and F&F Team in Bar Hill! 
Knowing the current administrations stance on nature, I shouldn't have been shocked about their stance on animals. I am however ashamed! As someone who cares about our planet and is a lover of animals, I will NOT let Ignorance prevail! 
We're all different, very real, very beautiful, hard working girls, and I think we should be credited on our matches, not our jeans sizes 
 The Con album just turned 10 + 
Thanks so much for listening and sharing!! 
Have you room in your heart and home for our big lad Paddy 
 One of our many goals at BHS
Are you looking for a fantastic venue for your 
Today we honor those who have sacrificed so much to serve our country. We extend a heartfelt thank you to you + your families! 
Our old members are back to go see 
1/2 It's likely we know someone who has or is suffering from mental health problems. It's true society’s attitude to ME has progressed but sufferers still find it difficult to seek help due to the stigma. I'm humbled to have asked me to recite a poem at the launch. 
THE POLY POTTERY needs you 
Park twice today! We 
Azzedine Rest in Piece , my N1 favorite
Happy Birthday to brotha ice proud of the work he’s put in Love you man 
Sweet temptations..... 
I voted tooooo!! And I’m from the USA. I have a big mouth and lots of friends. James will be known in the us. 
Dem oysters though! 
You don’t always have to appease others, It’s okay to do what feels good to you. 
She’s a trooper, darling! 
The best love stories last. 70 years... Such an inspiration! 
Hello HMS Parents!! We need your help! Please give us your feedback on the culture at HMS. The survey is now open and it will remain open until 4PM on Nov 28th. 
BLIZZCON HYPE!!! Rocked out in my Necro yesterday!!! Huge thanks to 
tonight is the final show of my first australian tour, in sydney at carriageworks with 
Take all the time you need. Ain’t sleeping on u 
Came home to a spotless house thanks to 
We have some gorgeous Winter Mindfulness Colouring Sheets! 
This weekend my beautiful girlfriend made me the luckiest man in the world and said yes! Couldn't be happier! 
Thank you to all of my friends, family, and coaches who have made this possible! Officially a bulldog
Hi all this would mean so much to my mum,my dad,my brother&i you donate to 
Looking for some fantastic food ideas in North Mayo ?? Watch this 
With all your purchases today and tomorrow. We will donate 30% to 
i’m excited that you’re back on twitter. i missed you sunshine. 
Good win from the boys to advance to the semi finals of the TELKOM knockout cup. Great team spirit and a good fight
So unbelievably sweet. 
At rehearsal tonight for the Thanksgiving Day Parade ! 
VERY HOT FOR YOU!! 
Here’s to hoping there’s something to Fortune Cookies! And btw, love to China Gourmet 
Till I Found You 
i love bouncy balls thanks 
Go check out the Friday Cratediggers playlist on 
I actually spent all of last night beaming at 
Thank you for backing us Trevor! 
I have the best student-athlete experience in the country because of our donors! 
My amazing faculty advisor brought us some goodies from 
I am humbled by the feedback on ‘Know Better’ can’t wait to show you guys the rest 
Vote for 'Retrospect' as your favourite track of the week for 
I've always loved you like a brother, and you knew that. I already miss you so much. I love you jeremy miller. Rest In Peace 
Love working with my daughter Gianna everyday!
Happy birthday, Elli!!!!! You're a wonderful person
Had a great time hosting tonight's off flavour and old vs cold tasting. Short story, cold stored beer 
So many incredible stories and each winner was so inspiring. Hard to keep back tears, such an emotional night. 
It's going to be a beautiful night and we can't wait to spend it with you 
You get me@veronicabeard 
Randomly text your friends you love them 
We couldn’t agree more. Soup is love. We love being a part of your childhood memories, 
my heart goes out to those who voted remain 
I get real excited when good friends release new music. Today, it's all about 
That view of Supachalasai... 
Happy Birthday to this hunky spunk. Love you. 
Memorable day on the water with my Love 
Applications for GCAP Assist have opened! Early career devs and students, please apply! 
Cutting edge, state-of-the art tech - the Stone Age 
Our volunteer Zack at Crompton library's loneliness get together. 
How adorable is our client’s dining room all set up for a party?! We LOVE getting to see how clients use the spaces we design for them 
What an inspirational family. And to hear that wee Daniel will get the gift of a new kidney this Christmas topped off a truly special evening! 
Head to our Instagram to enter this epic giveaway by 
 bossbabe.inc (get_repost)・・・
Began reading this beautiful masterpiece in the X-ray ward yesterday. (Appropriate no?)Cannot put it down.Thank you 
NO. MORE. BRACESBeen 3 years and I finally have the perfect smile I've always wanted 
Socialise, Game and have a great time at our 
Incredible - the price of new offshore wind power has HALVED in just 2 years! Emma Thompson seems... quite pleased 
Up the Trev. Best dad in the world 
It's Time To Gain!!! Like 
have you EVER???? First day, first LOVE
 Loved seeing you guys perform at the 
A day bigger than football.. the result was such a shame but our mother would’ve been so proud of her 2 boys on the pitch together today 
Thank you so much Kaycee!! Miss y'all 
Love the smiles on these kids faces 
So happy I had the opportunity to sign with my two very best friends! 
Y'all, this is the skirt for every occasion. Dressed up or down, it's your go-to bottom this season 
And I’m sure all our artists and makers will want me to thank our staff, volunteers, workshoppers and eateries for their hard work. 
 Going for 13.1 PR but focusing on time is making me nervous. Tips on stressing less? 
Massive congratulations to these lovebirds. 70 years of marriage....impressive!! Now that’s relationship goals right there.
 Please let our foodmakers affected by these terrible fires know that we will be here to help them get back on their feet. 
So proud of this team and this coaching staff. Proud to be a jag 
To the last day of the craziest month of my life. Surgery, 
Give bullying the Red Card! 
Nothing warms our heart quite like a group photo 
 There is so much to see and do in this awesome city! Check out what the winners of the Pockets of Awesome... 
Wow, someone caught the 
And if you'd like to get donations to Bedayya - who support LGBTQ+ Egyptians on the ground, please dm us for details. Diolch! 
guys, GUYS. don't want to jump the hype train, but we have nothing but respect for our sexiest men alive....
Please can you all check this out, thanks
Fantastic evening last night, thank you to 
The most important thing is to create a product/service that people absolutely love. Proud of 
A beautiful day in Malibu 
Hyped after my week of top local 
10 - don't get too overwhelmed or be hard on yourself. the modern world is not an easy place to make better choices sometimes, I fail a lot. some people can't make many changes because of money or because disability means they need disposable options. be kind to yourself too 
A v small token of our thanks for everything 
 launches global health campaign to address 
A massive part of growing up, so much laughter shared with Brucie, what a legend 
Hey all. I started a fund to help me see the world before I can't. Any help would be great. 
 Pat Butcher eat your heart out 
HOODRICH VOL 3 OUT NOW ON ALL DOWNLOADABLE STREAMING SITES!!!THANKYOU TO EVERYONE INVOLVED, WORDS CANT XPRESS 
 debut album proper: Colón Man out now on DDS 
Listen to me sing "Beautiful" on 
ALL CANADIAN LINE-UP!!! 
It’s been a week I haven’t been listening to anything else 
CONGRATS!!!! 
Hit me with a phrase/ song  request ... Adore Bernadette. I'll find the wine, and then find the time 
 baking with friends!• All-Butter Flaky Pie Dough• Cranberry Apple Galette• Dark Chocolate Pecan Pie
Last week our son turned 6. 
Yet another reason 2 luv 
Who’d of thought that making a change in which nutrition you buy would make such a difference. No bad stuff! Vegan, gluten free
Thank you to all you gorgeous gals that joined us for the 
"All that I am, I owe to my mother"~ George Washington  Happy Mother's Day easytobekind 
Reppin' Tassie today for 
Italy, grazie mille! You expanded our horizon and we fell in love!
*Awesome* yarn bomb at doverstreetmarketnewyork yesterday!!   Getting excited for Fall/Winter… 
My ambition is to make Schabowy, Pierogi & Smalec as much popular like Pasta, Pizza&Pepperoni!Because Polish Cuisine is really worth it
Amen!!! There it is!! My very own copy of La damnation de Faust 
The youth in Puntland raised $500,000+ from Bosaaso & Garowe alone more than all diasporas put together for their brothers/sisters in Mog 
They measured — My HeightThey measured — My Weight But  they never measured  — My HEART 
A big thank you to all of our hardworking and amazing staff who made today's grand open party a huge success! 
Another great day exploring our very own north coast. A brilliant lunch 
I got to pet a llama at a time when I really needed to and it honestly gave me strength 
Are you a Support Worker in maternity who loves your job? Get involved. Tell us why you 
Mannnn Listen, grocery stores are gonna be packed the next couple of days! 
The story of 2017. If you're struggling to get running/crack a goal, follow this guy. Awesome 
A huge "thank you" to our audiences, cast, co-producers & team for 
As cozy as it gets. 
We head out on a UK tour in December! Come and see us!tickets via Link 
Office starting to take shape 
Love this old school telephone at The 
Time for some holiday with my girl!
Nothing more enjoyable than a late night gaming session with friends!! Gotten through some tough times because of it!! I love my friends
Saturdays Scottish Junior Cup tie v 
Thank you Soooo much my gorgeous girl 
We’ve got puppies, yes we do! We’ve got puppies, how about you?We would LOVE to see this litter get adopted today 
Pop into our HASTINGS SHOP TODAY and come and try some locally caught gurnard! Great value superb flavour fillets or whole ,, sure you will love them as much as we do 
Yes!!! I’ve been saying it from day one!!! See 
Well over due catch up tonight with this beautiful bunch.. 
Dear World: Will you stand with me as we fill the world with thousands of kind messages on 
Let God break you free from anything or anyone bad for your growth 
Looks great! Glad they 
This Wednesday 11/15 in Miami. Free. Open to all. 
I'll be hanging w/ 
Physically in Toronto. Mentally in Miami. My heart is with you Florida 
Proud of my mama! Yes producer ma’am!! something must be really funny 
@PYCero0 thank u princeton
Tweet me a pic or gif of your favourite scene of mine for a followback 
If everyone could go vote for me it would be greatly appreciated 
Must listen for authors this - what publicists do, how creative and challenging the job is, how authors can help 
Nominate someone you know going through cancer treatment for a special day/night out thanks to these awesome humans
 ‘I suspect’ so too!
#10 on the track 󾟗 #1 in our hearts 
Look what we spotted! So much 
Gutenberg 1.7 is out and what a lot of things are in this release! Check out the notes here: 
Alhumdulliah. Thankful for all I have 
Love this from our friends at ProCook - any vegetarian alternatives our there to share from our followers? 
Our crew had a great time bonding today with a good, old fashioned scavenger hunt! We are so excited to share our new ideas this fall
'One of my favourite cities in England' 
Soaked and still sexy. 
New Joywave album out today! Can't wait for tonight! Congratulations gentleman! 
Hey ppl doing a Reddit AMA tomorrow. I don't say much on socials so tomorrow might be a good time to ask me a question, ha. 
Successful day with event planning with our fav 
THANK YOU for your incredible support! 
Dear Followers ! We would 
Thank you  Manchester. We 
Want to give something back to a charity that have 
Happy 7th Birthday Valentina "Vivi" 
He’s a giant bull with an even bigger heart. 
And this is one of the reasons why I nominated 
Eta Chi wishes everyone a happy Thanksgiving!! 
Thank You Thank You Thank You! Last night was the last show. Goodbye for now dear tour mates and audiences and theaters! I'm so grateful!
Nice one folks. 
Frankie counting in Spanish. Look at his gorgeous face 
Football family. Remember them. 
What a cracker of a day for Niki and Kyle's wedding 
Thank YOU Waylon! Means a lot to have all of you out there not only enjoying my podcast 
Love this guy so much! It’s been hell of a ride! 
Congratulations to one of our future Cball members for winning State today!  We can’t wait for you to become a Knight! 
It's heartwarming to see 
When an invite to brunch comes with a Bloody Mary kit! 
When it was meant to be your anniversary but your bestie takes you out on a date night instead 
Have an amazing Wednesday Peter!! Much love!!
We had an amazing first show in Prague followed by an epic adventure. We 
B R O O K L Y N 
Can't believe its been 3 weeks since I was here! 
Thanks, R. 
Yes my Mo bros & sistas! Please support their brave efforts 
Thanks to our ‘Paint the Town Red’ helpers 
MS cheer at the Veteran's Day parade... 
Thank you to everyone who has served and has sacrificed for America. 
We're going to share something Green everyday until our Green Weekend this weekend! 
You've all done amazing, A yr full of beautiful children & amazing staff Thankyou from the bottom of my 
Pre-Order Great Videogames to Great Music! Thanks 
TODAY, IBM launched 
Lovely nurses from MHDU joining in with the celebrations spreading the research 
Fastly has served nearly 100TB of GHC, Haskell Platform, and Hackage downloads in 2017. 
Im so proud of us, gg to 
 and support to all the children of the world this day and every day! 
IT'S HERE! OUR DEBUT ALBUM PITY PARTY IS OUT NOW! WE REALLY HOPE YOU ENJOY IT 
Ok what Thursday really looks like 
 I follow you for your everyday activism, your beautiful bunnies, and your glorious humour. 
Signing off! Huge thank you to 
 album #1 on radio charts in North America. 
Pre-order it! You won't regret it, I promise 
So this is pretty awesome ... gala night 
Thank you for helping us get to 20 million views for ' On Your Side' Here's a little Behind the scenes xx 
 You can never be too young to encrypt and care about 
My 9th birthday has started with my favourite run at 
Bring it Bank Holidayers! We're prepped up with 
well, what a blast! 
I LOVE YOU GUYS. 
There was lots of sweat & some tears (of exhaustion, gratefulness, & HAPPINESS) that came from this project. THANK YOU to EVERYONE who helped out!! Head to the blog for the amazing 
Thank you for the info!!! 
 the mayhem!!! Missing SOA!!
Which Henderson would you rather have playing in the centre of midfield?RT - John
Surprise peregrine falcon on the smokestacks!! 
Happy 5th wedding anniversary to the most amazing husband a girl could ever wish for 
We need more good stories 
Nothing changes. Except what has to....
Love this look on you! Makeup and hair flawless like always! 
Thankful for so many things, but hearing what these kiddos are most thankful for makes my heart smile! 
When you walk in on a Sunday ...your store is 160% to Credit goal, and you see this!!!  
Getting merch orders ready to be shipped tomorrow morning! If you’re just seeing this we have some STEALS going for our end of tour sale RN at 
Brought my mummy out last night!
Thinking of a special family today. 
 Coolness: S8/E5"Time Heist" (Capaldi Tribute) SPECTACULAR Episode (Top10!)  Amazing Characters, Storyline and Peter Shined all the way through...I was in Love with S8/DW12s progression!! Pls 
Nothing makes me happier than a video of 
Vincenzo Joseph was born at 1:09 am 
Congrats Siena for committing to USC! I'm so proud of you
Thanks to everyone for performing & turning up to the fundraiser it was just  amazing we can't thank you enough 
Christine! You legend! Absolute pleasure to see you awarded this! 
Every year I commit to read more. I 
My album Rollin' on all download sites. Get your copy now. One Love 
Thx to Fulton County for the great honor of proclaiming October 18th, 2017 "Angelica Hale Appreciation" day!! Thx for the hometown LOVE 
A very worthwhile walk to the PO 
when you’re a puppy and wanna play with everything 
The Starbucks Snickerdoodle hot chocolate is literally a cup of joy 
You're on the NICE List! Santa’s coming & CHRISTMAS STARTS TOMORROW! 
'A good bookshop is just a genteel Black Hole that knows how to read’ - Terry Pratchett
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
 can we try and get all clubs on board for Restart a Heart day 
We're sure it will be a fabulous day 
 Mother's heartwarming video captures the moment a 3-year-old girl and her older brother are reunited after a long day of kindergarten. 
Thank you Lytham for having us switch on your Christmas lights 
This is so cool! The Two/Family House is on Too Much Monday's November book box 
Take surveys, donate to charity for 
We are now selling a selection of your favourite G&T's at our cocktail factory bar!! Yay! 
I can’t tell you how much I’m enjoying listening to DC on 
 is less than one month away! We've got accessories to help spread the love! 
Motherly advice from Chloe. 
My loves..... 
All at the Ton would like to wish 
We still can’t believe that we have already achieved 70,000 MOVEmber MOVES. For every 1,000 moves we donate £1 
Sunday feels . Family day! 
So THIS was in Times Square today. NYC loathes Trump. Crossroads of the world is loudly advocating Trumps impeachment. I 
If you missed last night, watch it FREE! Video starts 5 minutes in. Thank you to all those who helped.
We need brave, new voices now more than ever.  The strong will always listen.  
Pay What You Can at the door! Thanks for sharing, Michelle! 
Morning adventure...... 
 fans - check out these new 
Happy Birthday to my not so little anymore brother maguire_odhran 
The MISTER MIRACLE #5 FOC (Final Order Cutoff) for retailers is this Monday (11/20). Make sure you let your retailer know you want in. I think this issue is gonna be “a thing.”Date night! 
It's finally here! Pow Wow kicks off TONIGHT at 7pm! And the best part? IT'S FREE FOR FSU STUDENTS (with valid ID)
Never be afraid to stand up to bullies of any kind or be shamed into silence 
Hands & Energy fill the air 
SPOOKY PEOPLE ALL OVER THE WORLDIt's time. Disco Denis ready to rock n rolllllahhh DD x 
My little dude ready for 
We are busy preparing for our last wedding of 2017.....and what a year it’s been for us! As a business we are going from strength to strength, we’ve got so many exciting projects for 2018 and so many couples who have chosen ‘us’ to be a part of their big day! 
No Words Just A Whole Lotta 
I've had the honor of being completely and utterly blown off stage by both of these sweethearts. RIP Charles Bradley.
I have a new poem in the world! Thank you 
Playin a solo set tonight at 
You are a gem, Maria - and one insanely talented, woman! Such an honour to shoot with you. Let’s do it again! 
Trans people face discrimination, negative press, hatred, violence & worse everyday. Too many have died just for being themselves. This must stop.So before we speak about, write about or judge anyone, please stop & remember to ALWAYS BE KIND 
We’re racing around to get ready - we’ll be open in an hour, and have lovely books, gifts, books, coffee, books, cakes, books, cards, books, toys and books...Did I mention the beautiful books?
Awesome!! Big love 
In my opinion, real fur is outdated in more ways than one. Faux fur is where it's at 
Hoops for Heroes is tomorrow night!! You can buy your t-shirt for $10 tomorrow and get into the game for free
Everything about today was perfect! 
This is Fully Deserved!! Lots of Hard Work put in plus Real Passion! Well Done to All the 
It’s Election Day! Go VOTE! First General Election for my sweet girl! 
It's been a while baby. I'm rah sorry for letting you down 
Oh Manchester is wonderful!! 
"The NICU road is long, but there is always an end. We are fortunate for our circumstances and outcome." 
A full fridge of breastmilk in the mother's room at 
Today our little ones are expressing through arts and crafts. Shared lots of special keepsakes 
Appreciate UofH showing love 
? Pizza + Ranch 
Breakfast poems. Move over, Frank O'Hara. 
 I think that you’ll never see this, but I can’t give up...I did this with so much love 
I’m listening DANNY!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thank you so much for 75k subs 
Thank you Stephen Young Salon - our children will love this!
HEY WINDSOR! Thursday Nov. 30th from 8am-4pm be sure to pop by 
you're so welcome! Have an amazing day girl 
“Why not just commit to Garamond #3 and never think about it again?” 
I let my kid convince me to buy this 4-lb box of shortbread from Costco. I should probably be a more responsible parent but I 
Yaaaasss Amy!!! She liked!! Love you babe!!!
Happy birthday to the ultimate boss woman 
On May first I’m going to find a tree and wish for someone to Love with all my heart. 
Dr. Fletcher said it best "HBCU or IVY, Excellence is Excellence" thanks for all of your support 
Great job to YOU, 
Was so much fun recording 'A weekend in the country' with the brilliant 
So happy for you guys! Congrats again! 
I have a little something to celebrate  and this is my treat! 
Proud as punch of my incredible cast and fierce director 
Thanks Kam you're the best!!
Thank you Kristina...HUGE respect to you professional dancers....you make it look so easy and it's NOT!!! 
Whoop! Look at this brilliant new girlie. She's my Lady Windermere. Glad I offered her the job before she got snapped up!
Imma miss my Asian family 
Exciting adventures ahead for FCPS students with capstones!  Student inquiry, voice, and Portrait of a Graduate! 
Look at the puppies!!!! 
Absolutely Incredible night last night. Thank you all so much and HUGE big up to 
1 month ago today my life changed for the better thanks to the professors 
Thoughts and prayers with you tonight, New York City. Stay strong everyone 
Brilliant critique of tendering of GU services in the form of song by the inimitable 
Tim and I are so grateful to be honored for our work at the Aflac Cancer Center at 
 Thank you for the call, my man! Made my day 
Say Hi to 3 ass on a boat! 
Olympic & World medalist 
 Holy fuck! Bath you blew our minds we love you 
 Number 1 = done 
 event was 11/10.  Thanks so much to the 
Also an incredibly moving presentation from 
What's right with the world? Fierce hearts like 
Hinterhof Vibes this Saturday on the middle deck - Hinterhof X Nordstern 
We will take that!#5* 
Supporting our SW kiddos in and out of the classroom! 
Happy Birthday to the cutest pup in town, 
 is 2 hours and 20 minutes of fabulous fun! 
Oh that makes my aching heart break more!! I remember how tight their friendship has always been. Sunday is going to be so tough!!
These slippers are just as cool as I am. That’s why they’re named after me. Grab a pair for your bae this Christmas. 
Changing the face of history at Ambition to Action with 
Thank you so so so much to everyone who voted last night!!! You've made me a happy man!!! 
Can’t wait to hear what they say!! 
Instead of fighting like cats and dogs, how about if we get along like cats and dogs? 
So beautiful. Thank you for an incredible tribute, 
Many thanks to you for having me! Such a pleasure to come in and bake with your Luminary Ladies! Congratulations to everyone for tonight! 
Happy Birthday dad ,,,,still missing you x.  Sunrise 7,10.1924 Sunset 18.7.2013 
1000 miles away but nothing can come between the trio 
Haha thank you so much brother ... what a lovely pic 
OMG... Sledgehammer is LIT! We always love a new 
Thank you Candice....couldn't have wished for a better partner. Thanks for your support 
I know he is now a Yankee but I will always have 
Thank you Erasmus Students Festival Toulouse 
My girlies who I love endlessly
Thank you so much! We are so happy that you enjoyed the music! Hope you had a great night 
Tough game today. Recover and we go again next week... Thanks Jack Army, for the support as always! 
I am so happy that some of my closest friends and family are all planning their weddings! I get to dress up fancy and be all emotional 
Since 2008 we have donated more than $1,000,000 to honey bee research. Learn more about Häagen-Dazs 
Parents, you are doing a great job 
These pets are all looking for homes! 
“Your only limit is YOU.”
you made me smile and laugh more than anyone ever has. i know you'll always be with me at heart. legends never die.lil peep 
Get well soon JT!! 
 has become one of my favourite magazines of the year so far – so much craft involved, from the plastic book-cover to literary levels of editorial thought. 
Love you SoneSones you always throw the best parties 
Massive thanks and mad love to 
Sending much love and luck to the brilliant 
We salut you Mercy! 
NEWSIES is finally yours to watch whenever, wherever. Download your copy today — available at digital retailers. 
Things are right in the world when they create their own book club! 
Send your nearest and dearest some love with Luciano and Martino's delicious pasta 
Thank you to everyone who made Friday at Percy's Whitchurch such an epic gig 
Miss America is right around the corner, but until then get to know me a bit better with the help of 
 Team,enjoy Tuesday evening.Cloudy Table Mountain,yet beautiful 
We are now on twitter feel free to follow us to find out exciting new flavours .. can't beat a Robbie's ice cream!! 
Loving the new AW collection from 
When you're doing it for you and your whole family 
Still spinning from the last two unforgettable nights in Brooklyn and Boston. Deepest thank you to everyone who came & packed those rooms 
Today would be Adam Stansfield's 39th birthday, 
PLZ HELP THE BOIZ 
Had an amazing weekend, so much fun...can’t wait til we’re back next year! 
happy bday alexia!!! i love u so much and i’m so happy you’ve been by my side through it all. thank you for all the memories
MY GIRL!!!! So proud of you!!!! 
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone and anyone who may have been affected by this tragedy. 
If you’re traveling today, I
So happy to be home. NY you sexy, cold, bish, you 
I don't have 280 characters yet but I'm feeling emotional rn 
The fact that people travel from different countries/states to see us perform is insane!So much love to everyone supporting us and making our dream a reality 
Molesey 1 Sittingbourne 1 Scored by Ronnie
Great to see so much produce in our community garden at Avoniel. 
Had the best time with you guys! Thanks again for an awesome visit & a super fun shoot! 
Only the best for my son Kevin 
Another warm welcome in China 
Upload a photo to Instagram with your copy of OBAMA: AN INTIMATE PORTRAIT using hashtag 
RIP David CassidyWe all loved you 
Always nice to welcome happy visitors! Thanks for your lovely tweet 
Such a brilliant night organised by such a lovely team 
Also BIG shout outs to 
Lots of love to you all! I feel so blessed! My fans are the best! 
Beautiful send off by Chris and family this morning for Major Ace. Rest in Peace 
Thanks everyone who participated in our R'Pantry drive for Justice League!Starting Mon, Nov 20, we'll be holding a clothing drive in our office (HUB 111) until Dec 6. Every article of clothing donated will enter you into a drawing for a Spring Splash guest ticket! 
Subject to planning and licensing decision making but if all successful - mid January! The Bard 
Who said ladies don’t 
Had the best time with the best people 
Heart light handmade in Lymm cheshire 
- WHEN YOU TRY'NA WIN SHAWTY's 
Love 3 brothers!! 
Ahhh I love this so much 
I fucking love you guys. There ain’t enough love. Ruh-tweet if you got love for your crew, your family, your friend, and fellow humans. 
Gorgeous shout out for the boss from Tim 
Vikings, we’re having a blood drive! Come get a permission slip in the mall area during lunch and get a free shirt while supplies last!
Looked for an emoji of a bald man quietly crying because he feels seen... ...but words will have to do. Thank you so much 
When you other half suggests a diversion to LHR on your way home from Cambridge 
Girl bosses only! We're loving this shot of 
YAY! I get more Wonder Woman tonight at Justice League 
happy birthday ry miss you 
Loveee!!! 
Up late w/Monte @ KVMR chatting w/
Thank you baby miss you too! Hope to see you soon
+1 | what a great time with outstanding teams, impressive entrepreneurs and awesome 
The WOTY 2017 website by 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the most beautiful, sweetest, and amazing Wife, Mother, and  Woman of God! Enjoy your “Divine&Fine29” Birthday today! 
Those nails!!!!! 
 Campus Facility Services for always keeping campus clean and looking its best! 
Jen Ladylake Andujar Paula Tudor Terri Wheatley another great Hallmark Channel USA movie coming up!! 
Just rewatched some episodes of the first season....
We LOVE our US fans who came to support the girls on 
As you would probably say in GB, "Bloody fucking brilliant!!" You 2 get straight to it in the 1st 5 minutes!! 
Who fancies helping a girl get to 300 subscribers? Would be so grateful! 
'Great teachers are like melodies that you can’t get out of your head.' Love this! 
This thread. Twitter really is wonderful sometimes 
The song is $1.29 on iTunes. 100% of profits go to relief efforts. Donate y'all 
What an inspirational lady! I'm so proud of you 
Guys. Our dear friends want to adopt a baby. Please pray about helping them. These are wonderful people.
I’m forever proud of you and happy to show you plenty of love and support 
We might be loud and proud but we’re humble in defeat. Thanks for an amazing event from everybody involved 
So I'll leave this here & go play with the winds of New York while feeling great in all my outfits that our SA designers sponsored me with
Awesome Game Day!!  Love my 
Custom order clutch on its way out the door 
 HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! 
Happy 30th birthday to my sis 
This. So much beauty here. TY for sharing your literary life with us all, 
It's Sato Saturday!! So it's time to show off your sato/sata!! 
TFW you come back to a project after a few weeks to find notes you left yourself to remind you what to do next. 
Fantastic to see stylelint listed as one of the many projects that power 
This is sure to be a top night... get yourselves over to Swindon for 
Blood cracking audience in Northampton tonight. Thanks for coming if you did. Ace support was 
AND THEY'VE ONLY GONE AND BLOODY DONE IT YESSS GIRLLSSSS
So sad to hear of the loss of such an inspirational man Adrian Melia. I was privileged to be asked to be part of the 'Question of Sport' fundraiser evening for Adrian in June of this year. My thoughts are with Adrian's family and his partner Jeannie. Rest in love Adrian 
In complete awe. Couldn’t imagine a better place to start the awake tour denver. Got pretty emotional playing that set last night. 
Go k black go k black 
Starting in 2 days -  drop some spare change into 
Today, thousands of Canadians are walking to 
Made In Chelsea tonight!!!!! And this little minx is backkk 
Wanna see a really nice frag movie !? Here you go boys, loved it ! 
I remember when President Martin was a 
thank YOU, kathleen!  sending love to your family 
Thank you Australia for including our LGBTQ+ community. Love and acceptance will always conquer 
Looking fwd to this new game 
Lindy West continues to be one of my #1 fave voices in our current cultural conversation. I love her brain. 
listening to edc orlando live 
 love youuu!  Wooop can't wait 
 this pic of me (!) interpreting for 
We both slept for 15 hours and missed breakfast, lunch, and an afternoon of shopping with friends, but that rest felt good! Florence, you're beautiful 
Thank you so much to everyone who came out and supported us these past days. Thanks for making our season great! 
So glad to have grown with these girls
Know a person or organization with exceptional dedication to 
After a heavy weekend :DBóóBòò 
What a stunning dish! Well done 
Thanks for your Awesome Support Everyone please keep putting the recommendations out for us
My 1st acting trophy! Winner Award of Recognition 
So much love it’s amazing! Crushing it 
Always an honour to host and hangout with the astonishing 
Unfortunate loss for the 1s away at Loughborough 66-42 
We are delighted to welcome new member The Wedding Shop  
Turned around after wrapping up a hoodie and there’s 
So happy and lucky we had you, right there with us.  Congrats to you too, Sarah.  Just wonderful.
Happy 3rd birthday to our nephew George!! You have grown a lot since that day!!!! 
A big thank you to everyone for your thoughts and prayers 
Voting by text 6 225206
Came home to a gorgeous bouquet of flowers from 
Love her!!! Empowerment!!!
Come and say hi to us before the match and see 
baseck 2084 trash can percussion just released for 
If you have not donated yet, consider visiting 
SWAT fans for the win!  Yeaahhh, thank you for the love 
So, I just adopted a furbaby. Meet Myra!Thanks to 
My favourite film.
Happy 2 Year!!!!! 
It was a great first day with my newbies!!! 
When you put in hard work in the classroom, respect others and put God first!!! Wilson-Lauren you are truly Amazing! Love Mom & Dad 
Phil Thompson - my worship 
Toronto’s University Ave Islands need some 
A week old in Oxford, thank you to everyone who has been in, for sushi or just drinks at the bar. Your feedback has been incredible. 
Honored and privileged to be able to wear Concord across my chest for the past 4 years. Big thanks to the coaches, teammates, and fans for the continuous support. I
Wherever you are today, if you want to do your bit to help Manchester, why not 
Stop the propaganda bro .. let the real pros show how it works ahaha 
We’re privileged to partner with some amazing organizations - and now it’s our turn to celebrate one of them. Please join us in saying a huge thank you to the wonderful folks at 
Many refugees have a special place in their 
Tag a person you love who you'd do anything for 
Overwhelmed by the welcome and hospitality in Nigeria 
I've added two artists I love to my 'Tracks To Vibe To' playlist. 
We won 'Best Break Through Manager' at the MMF awards. Thanks to everyone who supported and believed in the vision 
When your best friend shows support and buys 3 copies 
This is evidence of children CHOOSING to work in their math workbooks during quiet time right after lunch. How can I argue with that? 
happy birthday lex!! love and miss ya hope i can see ya soon
I have rainbow bright! 
Well after a month of wedding celebrations it’s back to work and to one of my favourite events of the year, hosting 
Look who's on the cover of Air And Space 
Another surprise visitor at the shop today. Gurjinder Basran popped in to sign copies of Someone You Love is Gone
One of the biggest honors ever
Just a reminder. Cuffing season is temporary..Coffee season never ends 
The End Is No Good is soooo good!! 
Perfect! Sunrise over Glasgow. I just love 
A1: Is it okay that we do a recreation of the iconic "Timmy & Violet kisses" in honor of 
Sad to say that a sprained ankle has taken me out of 
Being grateful for what I have keeps me going. I believe in GOD and I believe and respect every religion. 
So thrilled to see such great community support. You're the best, 
This quote should be hanging on the door of every classroom. I 
Our hearts are heavy today. Our thoughts are w the families of Vegas victims. We’re sending 
its official!! can’t wait for these next four years 
Thank you @narsissist for these beautiful colors 
At just before 6am today after an eventful evening, I became a grandma 
I remember when I heard Loveless for the first time and fell in love, today I was front row watching 
'Pretty & Bad' OUT NOW!! 'Solution To The Problem' Out this Friday
What a great new monument 
Newswatch 16 loves the SCRANTON SANTA PARADE!!! 
On this day was born one of God's finest creations. Happy Birthday jadeh_a 
Love love my Christmas present from my special friend 
So much love! Britney Spears got adorably emotional introducing Jamie Lynn Spears at the Grand Ole Opry. 
@sunRAEsshine thank you babes 
Pre- show snap with my biggest supporter
Sad news...  Thank you Bob Barry for the beautiful memory 
After a week of rest, I feel lucky with the next releases and the artists who have collaborated on them. More info coming soon! 
Love!! Enjoy my sweet!!! 
WOOWWW NOW THATS LOVE 
You inspire us every day, Bryan. 
 having our incredible math and reading specialists together for PL 
Wot is luv?? Baby don't hurt me mush...
Pop in and have a camomile tea for relaxation 
How lucky we have been to work with this amazing group of theatre makers! See you in March... 
Las Vegas, we love you 
For all those starting or returning to uni this week, welcome! 
Friends in the music and literary world, an RT of this video would be hugely appreciated 
Super proud and honoured to be able to have the opportunity to play the sport I love for the country I love. Thank you to everyone who has pushed me and gotten me to where I am today as a person and a player. Russia, here we come! 
awww stop! love to you 
I need a girl like 
The amount of love pouring out of the 
Had the time of my life playing Tink in 
Please check out my debut special, 
Subculture palette & Matte Lipstick in Cool Brown on Maxie. 
Still dancing together for the past three decades 
So much fun happening here at 
Have you gotten your copy of LITTLE & LION yet? 
I feel honoured :) Thank you so much for ur kind words :) Much love to u 
Enchanté ma petit livre...
Happy bday you badass bitch 
"We rise by lifting others" - Robert Ingersoll 
This is what hard work and perseverance looks like !! so happy for you my brother.Harpurhey breeds the hungriest of dogs 
Thanks for a fantastic con, 
"Give all the Darla's of the world hope." Thank you for that Takeda
This experience will live with me forever,i want to say a huge thankyou to every single person who has been behind us and got us this far!
Celebrating 20 years of marriage to the woman that owns my 
Thanks for celebrating with us this weekend, Houston! We 
We’re raising the stakes for the 
look at that lovely mini stack, even has a miniature euro pallet and strings.. 
The perfect date night watch 
Happy world kindness day
Big thanks to Pat Bensberg for spinning Thirst for the Limelight on 
Go Fuck Yourself is being played more frequently on alternative radio and offending more people and I'm getting more angry tweets and I love it. Offend as many as possible before u die guys or else what's the point 
Get in thereeee, World Cup final sunday
FANTASTIC MID WEEK TREATSAt The Beauty Rooms
Plummer Lady Longhorn Dancers dances with such grace & class! Great job ladies! 
I can't "amen" this enough!! 
Hoping Everyone is excited for tonight!!
THANK U SO MUCH 
Throwback goes to this 1. 
"Absolutely love this foundation. It's so lightweight and gives full coverage. It is my new and only foundation I'll ever use! Love it 
RT to pick Pumpkin Pie, and 
 Sending out all of my love, thoughts and good vibes for a positive result 
Cookie baskets.....pre order yours now! 
Congrats 2016!! You will be missed 
Wow you're the sweetest. 
To my small lil Twitter fam, here's my new track 
Tweets like this make me feel not so alone in this cruel world. 
Learn to fall in love with the process! Huge thanks to my sponsors for everything! 2017 has been successful because of you all!
And the winner is: BikeBridge! 
On Oct. 22, we'll be playing a secret concert where we play 'South America' in its entirety, start to finish. Message to know more. 
Congratulations on 400k. You’ve earned every single follow by being the amazing person that you are 
love this! Thanks Westerly News 
3 days from now this spot will be bustling with runners, walkers, families, prizes & healthy, active 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABE!! I love you bestie, currently sitting next to you, so I decided to tweet at you again
 is one of my favorite brands! they constantly come out with amazing products
Happy weekend from this donut-snacking bear we illustrated for @vandaliadonutco 
Love my pre-parade selfies! 
Proud of the salon for stopping all treatments and remembering 
 because it’s just my number one FAVORITE!!!
That is AMAZING!  60 students and their parents from just 1 team!!!  
Thank you ever so much! Proud to be part of the team 
London!!! First EU show 
My world was forever changed 2 years ago today. I miss your gorgeous smile & funny personality. You are loved & missed by so many! 
Who doesn't love a man in uniform? 
Yes, Australia! Yes! 
Current fave song. Ma lo - 
We hit 500 followers on Instagram!! Follow us and stay in the loop for event announcements and loads more!
Mic check.....camera check.....standby.....1 2 3.....Action 
HONOURED to announce I am the new face of 
NEW in store - @essyandbella Gin Fizz and Rose Bellini 
OMG! Memories! I’m sending you LOVE 
WOW!! How completely humbling. Thanks SO MUCH, guys! 
Lots of you have covered mass shootings. If you need to talk-I can connect you w/someone else who has too&understands.Please let me know. 
It’s my last day of being a teenager 
U must let ppl go who say they 
Hey y’all follow me on my more personal page on insta ( @ jobertrames ) if you’re interested in seeing some other pics of tour life 
New music "God's Gift" available to stream on SpotifyThe 
(2/2)I am so happy with the new life I’ve built myself &grateful for all of the support! Sportscasting(and JrHockey)will always be in my 
Watch what happens when this big brother spots his little sister after getting off the school bus. It's priceless 
GIGGS STORMZY MAYA HAILEY WINNIE NELAM LEIGHANNE EDWARD  ELLA DILONE THANK YOU AND SORRY THAT YOU ALL HAD TO EXPERIENCE REIGN LUV U ALL 
Year 10 learning about the heart with a heart dissection 
Felt a special connection to this wonderful book because the Bush twins are just as different as the Leissa twins, but still love each other deeply. How lucky are we to have our wombmates? 
Can’t wait to see you, thanks Moz 
The OdySea Mermaids would 
For further details of our amazing stockists, please visit our website 
Happy founders day to all the women of Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority, Inc. 
W1 win 7-1 against Edinburgh 
Just had a delivery from my AMAZING wig fairy Taz dropping off 4 new restyles can’t wait to wear them 
Lovely young man in his driveway in Ballyfermot saw my 
Our sea air IS good for us! 
I'd like to meet someone from the future. Tell me you're the one when you approach me and don't do it in a scary way. Thanks
Original 'Gulls Bounty' 
It's an honour to be a face for your 
Ahhhhh! I’m loving this Lovefest!!! 
Thanks Eve really pleased your loving it! 
Wetherby whaler Pudsey!! 
My favourite place to be on a Sunday, and a dream sing and at that! Thanks for another cracker, 
Today, students from 5 Turnaround Arts schools in CA - Avenal Elementary, Costaño School, Fremont Lopez Elementary, Hoopa Valley, & MLK School of the Arts - came together to join the Love Train. Confidence is contagious! 
So Emotional but amazing Memories 
Never had my flabber been so ghasted! Very exciting!! 
Top Blog Post of the Week 
We’re loving our Italian tour! 
Thank you, thank you, thank you 
Totally fan-girling over Dr. Martin Brokenleg today. 
ICYMI: Love these guys and what they do. So happy to be a part of this track 
Wow. A huge THANK YOU to every single one of you who joined us last night for 
It’s our BIRTHDAY! 2 today. Thanks to everyone from suppliers to customers 
Happy birthday to my best friend so many good memories love you brotha
So proud to be part of this amazing team! If you have the passion come join us and share the pride ! 
Thanks to all who pitched in & thanks to 
Go Jim Go!!! 
So proud of you Kanya and what you have achieved. You've done so by breaking down barriers, through resilient & determination all done with charm & hard work. Here's to another successful Awards 
I'm v excited about Bry and Braden on Friday. Also v excited about Creeper next Sunday 
As you have enabled my insane sour patch addiction, I implore you to send health helps to my beautiful friend, Lovers 
Happy Monday £7980 raised so far 
Check out today's guest blog from the magnificent 
Truly honored to have received the Ambassador of Change award last night from Manuela Testolini w/ 
Aww thanks that's just brought for me to know you are willing to 
Last night of the US tour, thank you all so much! 
Just a few of our favorite things. 
Heaven has gained another fabulous angel, you will be dearly missed Alaia 
A great day yesterday at the sheffield Xmas lights with 
Where life begins and let’s be never ends. FAMILY 
Thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes!! Yesterday was also the four-year anniversary of us adding our sweet hound, Junip, to our family; so much to celebrate! 
Today’s meet up was INCREDIBLE! I’m so truly moved by everyone I
74 percent of TTUHSC’s funding comes from our donors. We celebrate Philanthropy Awareness Week & everyone who makes a difference
Aw here’s a fantastic album review of Angels and Men from 
Happy bday Dad! 
 Ace of Diamonds and I have hashed out our miscommunications. Unfortunately, I received bad… 
You're going to love it.  It's definitely a 
Question hour!!!! I will answer what ever questions y’all have if you ....
A special birthday for a special woman. 
The person you will be in 5 years depends largely on the information you feed your mind today. 
Oh P.S the Ballarat show was a very great time. First show I have played in 4 months and I feel whole again. 
Favorite song in KINKY BOOTS? Go! 
Watch the great Isabelle Huppert take a trip inside our films closet! 
Beautifully put, we do need to recognise we don’t have to be superhuman all the time. It’s wonderful that there is healthy supporting 
Funny how life works, everything happens for a reason. Keep pushing thru whatever you're battling it gets better 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful son 
A big thank you to my GT parents for supporting their child, me, and the GT program. 
Some great tribute acts coming to our Thursday nights festive fun... 
 this week really highlights about the plastic in our oceans and how it is killing our marine life. Think about how much you use and how you can make our planet a better place so that our future generations will still see our amazing marine life 
I CANT BELIEVE THIS IS HAPPENING. Watch my movie, "Road Less Traveled," on 
Can everyone please retweet this? 2 subjects so close to my heart. Love one - hate the other. See link 4 details  
Congrats Maddie!! 
this song so much. Can you please hurry up with the video so we can drop it 
RT and follow to be entered into the giveaway. Winner will be picked next Sunday.Support has been unreal recently so thank you 
 Weekend Remix is my fav rn 
Our pals recently released new tunes, go listen to them pls - 
Make sure to catch MIRACLE ON 34th STREET at the Prytania! Sunday 11/26 @ 10am & Wednesday 11/29 @ 7:30pm 
Go watch this video right now, it’s amazing.
Have a great day guys! 
Mo the Monster is loving this big screen with 
Mistakes (ft. 
Mumbaiiiiii !!!Get ready8th NovR Adda 
YOU GUYS!! We did it together!! 
Oh! This is so delightful! Please see it. It’ll make you laugh, cry and wish you were small again, all at once. Fantastic cast and beautiful set! 
All you doubters and people that have spoken wrongly about me, just want to let you know...... I APPRECIATE YOU. 
“We encourage everyone, wherever they are in the world, to think about what they can do – big or small – to be kind this November” 
Hey tweepls.... sorry been busy shooting for 
Long overdue visit to Adelaide tonight from 
The girl next door. 
Okay, so we're doing this! What follows will be a thread of anime I've watched in 2017! Feel free to ask for more info abt any of these 
More love please. 
One of those moments you will NEVER forget!! Thank you partypeeps & thank you 
Burritos and a fab red tonight 
First time signing my book for a very sick, lovely fan
Hope you’re having s great day 
Steak ,homemade chips & brandy sauce . Sundays 
T20 finals day Monday for 
RT BREAKING NEWS!! How's THIS for 
STREAM NOW ⌒ BEAN - "IDOL/REGRESSION" | Out on 
The mini-tour: a much more civilized practice.  Thank you SPOKANE BELLINGHAM & SALEM for bringing that lovin feeling.   
Making the yuletide gay & paying homage to a queen. 
So stoked to announce we’ve signed to Domestic La La!! New label launched by James Tidswell of 
I’m in NYC!
 to playing in lovely SUNNY monopoli, this past summer... 
Having fun with these inspirational actors! 
2/2 I will never stop making music. My new EP is out NOW! 
 Thank you so much for inviting us to celebrate our 
The NEW Chloé & Maud 
The lucky suit! Looking handsome Daryl have a great game 
Love you guys thanks for the music 
You beautiful, sweet thang... Thank You 
It's hard to imagine a world without you, TP. 
9 Days to Go : The Bridal Show at Holiday Inn Leicester Sunday 10 September… 
What a wonderful analogy - 
51 never leaves a man behind. Share the moment that stopped our hearts and fueled our feels. 
Bless that one guy who prompted everyone to give a shit and get moving 
what a lovely blog post! thank you Amy! 
“I think everyone should get rich and famous and get everything they dreamed of so they can see that’s not the answer”, Jim Carrey echos the life of BoJack 
Freddie Highmore's message to fans for all their love 
Most amazing honour being called into the 
Tonight was spent reminiscing about our wedding day!! 
Good to see you too bro!! Thanks geez 
It’s hereeeee! 
Reposting @solskinssprederen:Quitting is not an option 
Congrats girls!! 
 good luck on Friday. We have voted for you as u ALWAYS support us. Thank you 
 thank you to everyone who gave me happy birthday wishes & who interacted with our 
my heart is broken right now, but im so happy to have made it this far with all of these amazing girls, I love you all forever 
As expected, Tuna Melted My Heart today. 
I just want to say: I 
62nd CORK FILM FESTIVAL opens today. Here is 1st weekend's screenings... Book online at 
Great performance by little fix in Lincoln last night. 
Thanks for the B-Day LOVE!!!! 
My heart is broken to hear today's very sad news... Unbelievable human being ready to smile for everything, happy to share her knowledge of our sport and encourage everybody anytime to be greater everyday... Rest In Peace dear Jana! 
The energies were REAL today..Thankyou 
For anyone wanting to donate to the food drives 
Performing for a good crowd never gets old. Thanks Raleigh, NC!!! 
Happy B Day to my sister 
I missed this at the time: Carrie Fisher's urn was a huge, antique Prozac pill. Even in death, she made depression light-hearted, even laughable. 
Day 2 of the Dublin book tour at 
Today the homeless aid UK team fed 8 Homeless friends at Mashes wing ranch in Bolton. 
This is a lovely story. Ewa Durska, gold medallist in Rio, receives World Fair Play Diploma. 
hey y'all we're playing with 
Reception are creating their own repeating patterns outdoors. Can you guess what comes next?? #
Family is Love! Sense8 family is everything! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our incredible Erica ,who is such an important part of the 
I. Loved. Every. Fucking. Minute. 
So much deep and genuine love for these fellas + their music 
Thank you for this. I love working for 
Happy birthday Nikki G!!
Today I support Arsenal 
Today is zee day! Nearly €290 has been raised so far which I'm absolutely ecstatic about so thank you so much everybody
Thank you for sharing!! 
This was our longest outage to date and we'll be making things more resilient for the future! Sorry for the troubles 
My 'She Freaks' EP is finally out exclusive to 
Thank you, Dennis.
This isn't based on religious beliefs but simply personal morals and ethics | You gotta confess your sins ... most importantly to yourself
Soundcheck Paris. For those about to Rock@cc_irlandais x
I am so proud of u!!!!!!!!
My new favourite school necessity 
FRIENDS!! This is incredible!! We've cracked $20,000 in less than 17hours!! So we're challenging ourselves to a new goal: Help us raise 100% in 24 hours - $25,000 by 8PM tonight 
Cat in a box. Happy weekend Y'all. 
 JUICEBOX VIDEO IS HERE 
It's that time of the year!!! 
: Layer Mineral Blush with our iconic Pressed Highlighter for a color-infused 
Dear Manchester, It was really emotional playing for you at the MEN Arena. You've got the light to fight the shadows 
Playing with my hero, Steve Cropper, today! Getting ready for CARES in 
Seattle, I love you 
You know a production is good when there's tears the 2nd time you see it. Thankyou 
I want to play with you and make you come 
I don't agree with politics We ALL love USOFALL Read American Radical to see daily what career FBI does to keep us safe They are trusted 70%Higher than POTUS Swampland AND media I concur Pray we all unite FOR OUR youth 
Did you know that sales through our web store support our non-profit partners? Knock a few things off your holiday list and help us spread some love to 
My little cousin was so eager to put up her poster 
AWW THANK U BROOKE LOVE U AND MISS U LOTTSSS
Thanks jj love uuu 
Very stoked to hang with my loves in 
Fab chance to win some NOTE goodies for you and a friend over with  
always remember God gives his toughest battles to his strongest soldiers
Our second feature at tonight’s 7th bday 
Your mid week fixture is back.. Love Wednesday's!Join us over 3 rooms of music & non stop entertainment. Tables are SOLD OUT.. Get guestlist 
My first concert ever was at 
Well done guys I see your outchere trying to change the image, just keep trying doing best and challenge yourself we won't give up on you doesn't matter which person in some position says what
We got FREEEEE DRESSSS
It's literally all love wherever I go. I'm not naive. I know hate exists. But I feel that I'm vibrating at such a high frequency these days that I just repel the hate. 
Check out my author Facebook page to learn how you can win an ARC of Behind the Bars! PLUS! NOV 21st is COVER REVEAL DAY! 
My beautiful daughter born at 29 weeks, weighing just 805g (1lb 13oz), 6 years ago. Amazingly she was strong enough to breathe unaided & thrived at the brilliant NICU at UCH. Emotional to recall this v.personal journey. My
put new music I made with 
Thanks to everyone at Norwich Eskimo Dance 
My Family Is Amazing 
The whole family! 
Some good news for a change! 
Shout out to everyone who’s supported HOC since way back and today 
The weather is getting colder! Come check out all of our sweaters to guarantee you’re warm and stylish this winter! 
First time back inside the Broadhurst as a patron 
Thank you, Liverpool! 
HUGE SALE ON AT 
What a dream!!! 
I also had to pleasure of meeting 
No TV + games = family night. 
hello! we are available online via 
The Daily - I 
Elmcor for the win!  Keep working hard, spencermahoney_  I am so proud of you.  
 this. Love ALL vegetables. 
If you’re looking for a tap shoe that’s affordable&cute, ask for the Chloe&Maud tap shoe made by 
Got it on our itinerary for Sunday!! Gonna be a busy weekend. 
Happy Birthday Canada!!
Thank u Ali, it's a subject very close to my own heart after a similar personal experience. You were brilliant, your mum would b proud 
We could suggest hundreds of things to do in Nottingham 
One amazing way to start my morning.  Running and rereading 
Fresh tunes are the only weapons we should have at gigs 
This pretty much makes 
So much love to you guys thankx for being there always 
 if you wish you were watching a Best Fiends show on 
Last day, m’loves! 9 hours left. Thank you, all of you, for your incredible support. 
We made it to 900 likes on Facebook - thank you! If you haven't liked us there, please do. 
Oh my god!!!! What an amazing show! Loved every minute! Dancing by the stage at the end, want to see again 
Feeling excited, about to catch the train up to the 
I work for ace peeps - Thanks to 
And that's a wrap! Goodnight for the final time on series 1 of Science+Stuff with Emer Maguire on 
It's a stressful day at Holby. But our thoughts are with Nurse Jackson & Mr. Griffin, pending today's interview outcome 
Told you you’d be in good hands! Great job Dan Davidson!! I’m there in spirit! Thanks for the love 
When your best friend cries, you stand beside him...and cry too. pamelabjohnson… 
Amazing Women. Doing amazing things 
 call for a heart warming meal 
I was looking for happiness and then I discover EDM
I was mesmerised when I first heard it at the magical 
 He gave so much. 
Haha, Charlotte. Ppl already think I'm nuts. I wish I was young enough to be crushing on 
We're looking for a Course Tutor for our Employability Course. Click here to apply: 
 is a rock-soul/pop icon and fabulous songwriter. 
Negativity is draining....be happy. Think of all the things that make you happy. Stop being bored! Do something! Live each day like its your last 
 tried your Kombucha for the first time today - SO tasty! Thanks (
 I made the ghazal prose. Forgive me 
10 tix left as of last night for tonight's show at The EAGLE Inn in Salford 
Also super thankful for recieving the MVP here in IEM Oakland! 
YES!!!! I’ve been watching since Season 1, and there has NEVER been a better season!!! Seriously, these playoffs to the 
Some people have idols. I have 
 We are loving this tree-shaped wind turbines in France!Sustainable energy sources… 
Yesterday i had the most wonderful time with our amazing 
"There is no shortage of Detroit love, or clever ideas" Thanks, 
New music from JLEON! Big ups to 
YES!! cannot express in words how much I love these 
I just had a wonderful visit from the beautiful Katie Lonergan 
Tonight's result is dedicated to Anne Smith, the mother of our assistant coach Lauren Smith, who sadly passed away recently. 
Just the other day you were a kid from Jane-Finch and I was a kid from Scarborough. We had big dreams. Now we get to give back and help make the dreams of others come true. I’m so thankful for you, Dwight. Congrats Ali and Si!! Your futures are so bright.
New D3 book is out now! 
Amazing courageous story. My niece is fighting this same battle. Bravo Marc....a true warrior 
Y’all, today was the last day of 
Laura Loves: Laura Bailey's Weekly Edit 
Feeling great and blessed#family#amazing#time#loveit#kids#fun#inlove
1 years snap streak 
Happy birthday Dono! Love ya kid
so proud of you my love !! 
♛♛♛♛♛♛♛♛♛ ♛Happy Birthday♛  ♛♛♛♛♛♛♛♛♛ 
What a day for Zimbabwe!!! 
How do u know me better than myself... 
Abisheff + Ye boi + Bloom Bloom
Wow the internet has gone mad for 
The music community is coming together to support a teen in a life-threatening accident—here’s how you can help 
“Did I think it was brave? No. It was my job." Today we thank all the men and women who have served
If there was a nickel for every time I've cried at a bookstore...today was no exception. 
Oh my gosh!!! We won!!! 
Still can't get over yesterday. We 
Talented Gr. 5 writers sharing their stories 
Edu fam, check out 
Thank you to all those that came out to support us on our first live show last week. More to come. Siyabonga! 
Done! Loved this book. I'm glad to have a book that tackles OCD so brilliantly on my class library shelf! Thank you so much, 
I am SO PROUD OF YOU 
Point Of Light. 
Remember this tournament well. Top talent, great matches, big crowd, THe good old days 
Holidays can be extremely rough.Family rejection is a leading causes of trans suicide and coming out can be one of the most terrifying experiences of your life.Check out 
 you are soo soo incredible,such a very young woman but already successful,know that you're my inspiration and I look up to you,keep it up sthandwa,make SA proud more than we are 
Very few people have read my book, I'm quite sure (academic book, £60, niche topic... yeah) - so when I've had the very occasional email from someone saying they liked it, it's been amazing! Esp when that person was otherwise a stranger! 
Yesterday's goal scorer Gary Giffin goal celebrations 
EXCITING STUFF MY CALENDAR IS UP FOR PRE-ORDER 
A memorial fund set up toRaise funds to promote Carls legacy for future generations.Julie this is a lovely idea 
I call this look "1,000 Bees in a Bear Costume" I 
 Hey Anna, Super happy with my card of Millie. Arrived today so fast 
How's everyone doing?! 
 I really love the explanation of BLACK,it brings me a big smile every time I see you on 
You gotta love a Brand that loves hockey - thanks 
FREE KS2 Move Taster Pack! A great way of discovering what move has to offer! 
Remember to Paint the Town Red tomorrow. Paid civvies for $2 in support of the United Way 
Yo. It's 
Magical athmosphere on Grafton Street this evening. I 
Oh, and... “Masculinity is a cage!” 
all orders are out. sorry for the wait guys 
London last night. Literally falling for you. Thank you for being so kind to us. Now for our first headliner in your city. Sold out. 
 writers will be tweet chatting on Thursday (9pm GMT) about Romantic Fiction. Come and join us! 
talking about some of my favorite old and new MG reads, including 
 day 23- my teacher read this aloud in the 4th grade and the giggle fits were contagious. Good books + great memories = 
The calm before the storm....
What a powerful weekend at the womensmarch convention. 
Perfect bridal party style! Bride (center) and the two bridesmaids beside all in DTP! 
Number 1!! Thank you 
So, it’s official!  We’re bringing Perception Check to 
We know our Instagram posts 
We've got some powerhouses on Team Town Kitchen 
Pamper Your Callers with Kula Tunes!! 
posted some swatches of my favourite nude liquid lipsticks by 
sorry! i'm around now and can answer a couple of questions about the book if you've got them! 
Rest In Peace our sweetest Gator. You were so tough. The hole in my heart is immense. But my love for you is greater. We’ll miss you Alli! So much!      
Such an amazing thing to do! And a lovely video 
I really needed this thank you. You too
What an amazing way to show thanks for our troops overseas ... 
Ended a fab week with a fab concert last night! 
Great article on following intuition in career decisions + having a more embodied decision making process, I 
VAM is a collective, set up as a platform for visual artists, musicians, and audiences to share and experience live visuals and electronic music. Come and join the VAMily for their opening party at AATMA on 24th November! 
Standing with you. I applaud you
The smallest donation can make all the difference in your community. Donate to a 
Thank you so much for attending! 
aww my Tahlia i’m so proud of you 
TODAY IS THE DAY3 years ago Vega Squadron has signed 
This has become a thing!! I’m obsessed with all of your versions!! Send me more!! Pweeeesseeee!!! 
It's been one crazy ride with 
Deagh naidheachd! Tha i airidh air. And Claire and Máire too, wonderful 
Still can't believe I've done it - thanks so much for the opportunity! 
 London salutes the brilliant sold-out clothing-optional special edition of 
Reminder that our Club shop is on this evening from 6.30-7.30pm at the clubhouse 
Thanks to everyone who helped make our YWomen 10th Anniversary Celebration such a success! 
Happy birthday to my dawg for life! 
Last night was epic! Until next time 
Really dig this guitar shot. 
I love you guys so so much 
Signs posted out today to Costa Grimsby, Costa Cleveland, Costa head office, 4 to Inverclyde and 1 to Northwich! The Chatter & Natter movement is growing 
These guys make me smile... 
Anyone near manchester able to put up 8 lovely people tonight? More than happy to sleep on the floor 
This will be a beautiful and lovely event today for parents and children with disabilities 
Axtone_Family in Toulouse last weeeek! 
Tesco express plumstead we are preparing for Valentine's Day....
Was not feeling it today but my rock 
Selling Pre-Transfered GTA acc NOW!!!
LOVED Sara Shepard's ode to inspiring teachers and librarians in her life. 
This little dude just melts my 
WHITE PLAINS 1 MAMO 0 OFF TO SEMI FINALS !!!!!!! 
“McMaster Children’s Hospital saved her life.” Make miracles happen for 
Now offering chocolate bars from 
Class performance from the boys tonight! Happy to get 2 assists for my boy 
Exclusive: Preview a new song from Sunday’s episode of 
Happy birthday to the world's greatest sister, songwriter, and friend 
26 VERSATILE YRS OF AJAY DEVGN Awsome 
Gate agent to flight attendant: this whole flight was aggressive and mean. See you in a few hours, Philly! 
Congrats on a beautiful wedding grantteunissen gabriellemayh  
This is just the BEST!!! Little Penelope was slated to die then a wonderful woman from MINNESOTA stepped up big time. Well, look at Penelope now!!! Thanks to all who retweeted this sweet baby's plight and helped save her life!!! 
Practicing gratitude in class today by journaling, sending candy grams, and composing thank you cards and emails. "Gratitude is the BEST attitude" 
Happy Birthday to my brother imma miss you next year love you 
I’m so proud to be a part of this campaign 
Stop saying yes to everything and everyone. Stop agreeing with people just so you don't upset them. You are not a pushover. You weren't put on this world to be stressed so others can be happy and relaxed. Protect yourself.
@_kathleenlol ahhhh shucks 
played some songs live in the studio for 
Spreadsheets, documents, and email threads... Oh my! Get your teams on board with Trello even if they 
My first ever Tomorrowland was amazing!!! 
Damn. My man lookin hunky as f
If you love our friendly, warm service at Ness, nominate us for here for the 'best customer service' award! 
 Engages Every Student. Please RETWEET if you love it when EVERY student has a voice 
Alicia's very special Cadbury's 30th Birthday cake from last weekend! 
An amazing day in honour of a very special girl, incredible work 
Our new single 'Arc' will be available on 
 I am a very lucky girl to have such a loving family that continue to help me achieve my dreams
Block cloding for 2nd - 4th graders. 
So much love and appreciation for 
Thank you for the awesome words and the RT!!
Moms and dads can take the night off from cooking and spend more time with their children thanks to our Home for Dinner groups! 
Yes, Baby Conwy!
We have a mail sack full with 
Couldn't have asked for a better senior season from my brothers ! Never played on a team like this and it's an experience I won't  forget 
 I Love you !!
So excited to hear this finished project!!! 
An amazing poem from an amazing poet 
I choose to remember last night as being a celebration of women, of Diana, of Whitney, of love and life and joy and all things good. THANKYOU to everyone that had the courage to take that stage- wether it be right side up or sideways. All love 
Enjoyed each and every bit of this evening 
A delay doesn't mean a denial... Hold on. Just... hold on 
One of my abso favorite humans / directors / storytellers. 
Brand new music for you.. 
After watching a Keeping up With the Kardashians marathon with my bf, he surprised me with 
Katie Price reveals her  horse was killed in car accident 
I've been the kid in the situation I'm sure they're so proud of you and will always remember your strength 
Friendly Friday reminder, just in case you need it 
My new album The Hype is officially available everywhere. Thank you 
How the Girls' Lounge went from a moment to a movement. 
Inspired by these incredibly talented young people today who want to inspire others to make our streets safer 
My dear friend, 
 Thank you! Hope you dig it. xx
Sooo beautiful!!!! Excited for the next one 
5 years ago she was shot for campaigning for girls education. Today she joined Oxford University! Bravo dear Malala! 
DOUBLE RAINBOW! Congrats to LGBT+ community, and I’m sorry you had to go through it in the first place. 
That’s a wrap, friends! Thanks to all who joined us for 
I've honestly never been so excited for an album before, and I know 
Programme for Gwent-Glamorgan Recorders' Forum looks great! Particularly 
Been listening to "What Is Love" on repeat all day after discovering the beaut voice of 
I like the way u think 
I am on a MISSION to help get as many wishes granted for kids through 
What a night!! Thank you Brooklyn & thank you 
Day 2- Come see us on Stand D27 at 
Time to take you home my beautiful baby girl! I can’t stop looking at you in my eyes you are absolutely perfect! I love you 
So sad, used to watch The Partridge Family as a kid, and loved his records. Met him once randomly near Welwyn, he was really lovely. RIP DC 
A lovely day creating some stones draw 
 never cease to amaze.... 
Major love and appreciation to the wonderful folks over at 
6 months since the manchester arena bombing & 6 months since we said goodbye to 22 innocent people who lost their lives. fly high angels 
COUNTY CUP | We have been drawn at home to 
 just saw Masika interview she is soooo loyal to her friends omg 
Get it Adrienne!!!
We leave for tour very soon. So incredibly excited. If anyone has a place we can stay in the cities below, please shoot us a message 
  “probably” the best 
REMEMBER:Surround yourself with positive people who will support you when it rains, not just when it shines.
The Great Hall and Gryffindor common room! 
Thanks for being the best band. I love 
Celebrate the success and fun we had through it all. Made history. Thank you for an amazing 4 years logansport. Glad I can call you home
Thanks beautiful girl xo 
This may actually be my favourite thing on Twitter this week!! 
happy birthday to the brotha!! 
Meet the McCormick (or should we say McHonda 
Congratulations to Britney Chau for winning Single League Championship for tennis and representing Orange Glen at CIF. Also congratulations on being athlete of the week!
I needed a Kleenex for this one 
this sooo much. Math Specialists Rock!!!!
Ooh, I love this! Thanks for this awesome Powell's intel, Dev! 
You live your life just onceSo don’t forget about a thing called love
It's a Frenchic Freebie Friday!
Can't wait to see you in Paris, hope I could get a Package to meet you again 
I don’t know where the time went, but 13 years went by in a blink. Happy Birthday to my amazing son who I love more than anything in the universe.  
"Daenerys" - Graphite on Bristol board. Finished! Thanks for the lovely words 
 loving the start of crisp, stunning, Winter mornings. 
Do you know what makes the Filet Mignon so tender? The secret to this steak’s distinctive texture lay in its origins — the tenderloin! 
Huge congrats to all students who have their places confirmed today! We can't wait for you to join the 
Just saw The Florida Project - actual masterpiece. So, so beautiful 
We’ve been apart for 3 months now. The only other time we were apart for this long were the 3 years before 
Thank you to BET Africa and Viacom for recognizing my effort and talent. Finally received my 2017 BET Nominees Gold Coin today. So proud 
Just been enthralled at a wonderful concert given by the super talented 
Lovely song sung by my sis 
Ah look at the cuteness of this!! 
 your team is the best!!! GIRL POWER 
Down to the wire in the Dome! 
Aww !!!! so great to see Croatian ‘Sorry About Me’ 
Our kitchen is closed today due to bad weather. Apologies for any inconvenience caused. The bar will remain open until further notice. Stay safe! 
Your beauty is everything! God did not play games when he created you
Tonight, @hectorshouse_edinburgh welcome Van D’s Dundee-based collective, All Good, to our vaults for their first shindig in the Capital 
some of my favorites from the hammer museum today 
hey... what's up ??        
Only 3 days left for the 
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES TIMES A MILLION YES YES YES!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yay! It arrived! Now I can listen on vinyl while I edit. Thanks for the beautiful music 
Call to action, educators! Send us images of your Inclusive Classroom Libraries.All kids deserve to see themselves reflected in bks 
My home town shows!! 
My mum created me the most amazing bedroom, before I head to LA she said she wanted me to have the best room! Love you mum
Tfw it's Friday and you're in love 
Black bottle boy & Coca Cola boy lol 
Tonight’s show in Liverpool with 
best tour everest! 
 a different kind of jam! A jam of love 
1 year ago today the true heart of Urdang was taken from us 
Answer: It's just "& Swig" and, while fun, it's not nearly as delicious. 
My muse today and everyday 
Thank you bb!!
Thank you to everyone in Ireland who have made the last 4 years so special. 
BLACKPOOL THAT WAS SO COOL THANK YOU !!! See you Monday, GATESHEAD!! (SOLD OUT) 
There's more secret daughter to come - with a double episode tonight. Billie is struggling to write a love song, but we have the feeling inspiration is close by 
Autumn reminds me of late Shannen Koostachin. This girl is going to go so far in her life. She already is. Go Autumn!! 
Love this little princess so much 
 I'll always love this song. Timeless & iconic! Only fitting that they chose this as the "reunion song". 
I’ve honestly loved been 
If i don’t make it to the next tour because of cardiac arrest, you can thank 
Had a blast hosting the red carpet tonight for 
You couldn’t tell we were up till midnight! Up and at the MS Walk volunteering!!! 
When I grow up, I want to be an old school raver 
We're on the effing FRONT ROW for 
Be apart of  the movement and grab all your TNA garms right here 
 my new promo video! 
@carlosq16_sfb thanks quiroz 
I would like to thank 
One last adventure. Thank you to everyone who supported us along the way. Much 
BROOKLYNTONIGHT IS THE NIGHTDOORS 7KRISTIN KONTROL 8CHAIRLIFT 9 THIS IS GOING TO BE EPIC
Major throwback to Australian youth Olympic festival 2007 
I love you please notice us, make Roulette a single, become active on Twitter and love us
Catch up with a friend. Tell people you love them. Go on a walk. Take a bunch of naps. Hug some doggies. Have that dessert. Hope you all have a happy and safe weekend....spread some kindness! 
I seriously can’t wait to share what happened this morning... the happiest I’ve been In a long time and so proud of this... God is good 
Hey peeps! Pwetty pwease check out my 
 National Player of the Week. Much deserved and super proud 
 fantastic racing from the team today. Thanks to 
Another great article on why you should be watching 
TDOR reminder - using a trans-identified person’s pronoun IS a big deal for them, and you could save their life by doing so!Please stay safe 
I had a gorgeous time last night in leeds. Thank you all 
I love special surprises for people who totally deserve them. Can’t wait for this 
My morning prayer for you!!!!!! Just call me LOVE 
5 stars for Complicated, thank you 
Our first ever joint interview is up on 
 were so sick tonight!! 
it will be available some time next week, but only online via 
They see pictures they say “Goals!” Yea, we who they tryna be!
Thank you Dan....had the BEST time with 
good times tonight. Thank you 
Let's send some love to Archie 
Eat It, Use It, Wear It? Then it came off the back of a lorry. 
You're amazing Miami! 
Science Hack Day Dar es Salaam (
Thank you so much @laurensungasong kminormusic 
RT if you love the man with the heart-shaped hands! 
The love I have for this company is unreal. 
