Three years ago today: that time I met Bruce 
Do people forget how old they are regularly? Is that a thing 
When the creatives get a little too in sync. Khaki and chevrons, couldn't have matched this well if we tried 
Layover in New York so left the airport to get Sammy's Chicken & Rice 
Olivia has called me twice this morning because she's been lost at UVU. If you see a wondering freshhhy plz help it's probably my sister 
Lol...I was at a different  conference today. Pop by my desk I have some things for you 
Greg Bird's dinger to force Game 4 is even better with Titanic music 
Been doing more classroom prep today... does it ever get completely finished?! 
Well I think that's me 
On a positive note, Imgur finally has Favorite Folders!
Just block them in advance i guess 
I know that hurted Oregon
This is what blogging is all about. Using your voice for the greater good. 
It’s ok. 
This was Team 147 back in the day
A camera operator's worst nightmare 
There real I swear 
 omg them bootcut jeans can’t breathe 
 why am I allowed to do commentary anywhere lmaoooo
The truth will set you free, but first it’ll piss you off 
I'm still waiting in the tunnel for his shirt pal. Surely he doesn't take this long to get changed. 
Certified LPM (Laugh Per Minute)
Actual footage of my trying to control my own life.... 
I just love when she’s on your show 
Close call for Skippy in the last at Cessnock. 
You're hilarious & your energy infectuous!
AMAZING: The final minute of 
I’m in fort worth Texas, where should I
When life has been so crazy it's Facebook that actually remembers you your birthday is next week 
Is there anything more comedic than reading yelp reviews? "You could honestly replace every employee with a refurbished palm pilot from 1997 and get the same or better customer service." 
When you take 3 days off from checking emails...569 emails to go through. Lord help me! 
this is so great. ACCURATE! 
OKC is working thru some family matters 
Wen you realize the 230lbs the nigga 
She ain't on social media thank God 
MORE COWBELL!ps. Thank you The Talking Heads, Southampton for a wonderful night!!!
Take 2... dates 
How to open a beer. Dani Alves style. 
Not sure they are bright enough 
Q: "So Bernd 
If you fall... dust yourself off (literally) and get straight back on it! Ok... maybe check for broken bones first 
"I don't wanna be told to grow  up and I don't want to change I just wanna have fun..." 
Walkin thru the house randomly screaming “toot toot coot coot toom toom...poom poom!” Now my wife is vacuuming. Prob a visual metaphor that means shut up Andrew
I dated/liked a few westside niggas in my day 
...About three Kims!
Retweet if you’re old as dirt 
MARIJUANA HAM SANDWICH OH GOD 
Why am I still up?  Cuz it was 80s night. Let's hope there's no photography 
 An actual text conversation with my Dad...
Be right back. Need to dig up our old Roman Fiesta campaign 
We asked you to work your Photoshop magic on Zlatan - here are the best ones.The Stevie G slip one. 
NFL PLAYERS TRY NOT TO LAUGH AT THE WORST JOKES 
You Know Ur favorite Artist needs a Chill Pill when ______? 
When your having 2 different conversations at the same time with the same person. 1 on Messenger. 1 in SC. It takes skill to be like me and 
Tag a friend who would do this to you! 
So this is how we got our Karaoke started in Tokyo!  
RT if Laugh Now, Fly Later is still on repeat 
CLAY YOUNG FOR PRESIDENT 
“How you gon’ do that hockey?” Definitely using that the FIRST ‘chance’ I get...see what I did there? 
Went to see Hansel&Gretel by 
When you just wish the Judges would realise that I'm not pushing my chest out I'm just skinny with big boobs
Hey Lenny did you hear the one about the Englishman & the Irishman 
Is there a 28 day returns policy after the way he trained this morning ?? 
Opossum breaks into liquor store, gets drunk on bourbon
Ya hear that, everybody?! 
In the middle of a concert? 
Swinging like a dunny door in a hurricane! Gotta love Shane Suttonisms 
I will be king of Nonday, November 15th 
 I am not sayin I know wat U're talkin about... I am not sayin I don't
Guy Drops Everything To Be 'Mom' For Injured Infant Pig  
November 19, 2009 
Expensive looking jacket ok Jason... Great Outdoors .... or Dealz 
Who’s granddad is this?! 
Best part about living with a singer is forcing them to perform for you every nigh 
Dude!!! I thought the same thing!! 
His 'loser face' ? 
If I was rich id be on IG not Twitter 
The guy from cabin crew on my 
Bonfire night brings me back to the times where my dad would do his own fireworks displays in the garden, running about lighting them off with a blow torch & that one year he accidentally, full on set the living room on fire, that was banter! 
Looking good. Lucky you can zoom in. 
I literally just came home and devoured these cheese sticks...hungry af 
When you have screenshots to ruin lives 
 what's up with this? what about are mansion haha 
This shit had me crying for 10 min now 
Them post-carnival feels...We've all got that one mate! 
"Yo J Hus, look at the statistecs" 
 Oh no that wont do he aight but eh I guess whatever floats your plane rap just slowly dying
Does Lyft work in London? 
Liverpool always bring my mood up on days like this
Things I need: google for the brain, anti virus for my hearts and lots of photoshop for my face. 
Also I'm so keen to see 
 looking all types of edible tonight! Yup that selfie ain't happening 
Trombones, juggling, kittens, miming with beer, & making fun of my boots (they’re Steve Madden, not Uggs) - it was a phenomenal evening of absurdity Thank you 
Retweet if you agree this is one of the greatest comedy moments ever 
Joe's throwing a wobbly and Scarlett can't watch 
You okes are bad!!
Wakes up in morning. Opens phone. Checks notifications. Battery sufficiently charged. 
Let’s go watch it 
Good thing he's there to hold the fort! 
HAHA THANK YOU!! 
Dad make he rugby posts !!! 
I've just found out that Donald Trump once dated someone called Celina Midelfart.... You couldn't make this shit up! 
Headed out of Knoxville like... 
I can David it was class!! 
What coffee looks like when you love your job!!
Go ahead and tell them to prepare 10-15 seasons worth. This poor kid from NC will pay for it if NBC won't..... somehow 
Just got hit with the iPhone 7 ‘charging / listening to music at the same time’ thing for the first time on this train & I’m actually screwing 
If you have 2 mins, check out this awesome piece the 
A winning solution to Page 3 from 
We just heard the news —everything. Is. On. Sale. At. 
Survived my first 18 holes back since surgery...well barely 
Vague memories of being in Cosies usually means I have something to apologise for 
Maybe I'm tired but, So funny! 
Who would still like to see me vs my oldest rival 
You know you’re old when you watch Max and Ruby and think Max is a selfish ass hole 
Did you ask him to twirl it around though? 
“Well, you get lots of homework.” 
I don’t think they’re ready 
Still can't believe Jordan Doherty fell through a table in Martha's 
My dad got a light strip and he called me upstairs to show me what he'd done... I don't know who's more proud, me or himself 
Conor McGregor court footage leaked? 
Also, I came out to the entire faculty during my Q&A 
Well well well we through the group stage. Dunno how dat happend but I’m happy 
Russell Brand: Irish are very good at the internet,everywhere you go,it's JOE,have you seen the way the Irish tackle new media, all over it
I've indoctrinated a couple of new 
Who wore it best? 
(Watching Star Trek Discovery)Me: “So, they can just instantly travel anywhere in the universe now??”Rebekah: “Yeah, using the navigational power of the Giant Water Bear’s magic nipples.” 
Jack Parow - Skop, Skiet En Donderweer (feat. Aewon Wolf & Sketchy Bongo) ...this guy makes some typa music
U just gonna disown me like that 
If the kid would’ve got off the bus as a dinosaur I would’ve lost it. 
This is what happens every time I eat 
Well this didn't suck. 
If you say JT's laugh doesn't brighten up your morning, you're lying. 
When you realise Amir Khan is in the jungle for a few weeks and his wife is home alone. 
Gruden started his Turkey Hole demonstration, and I Immediately reached for my phone and went to trending topics for the hot takes 
I’m not a bit camp am I? 
Urban Fix: Conscience 
Just heard a player yell "fuckin shit" after getting a flag on 
If you know, you know 
 yeah of course the young pups always follow in older siblings footsteps 
Meet Morais Lowe - w/ THD for 18 years & works in D27 
Isn't this Too funny 
Larry David is top 1 
Always makes me laugh when i see someone waiting at a crossing whilst on a jog just jogging on the spot 
Iced out, groupies in tow, the whole nine. 
Let’s make this go viral 
(She's gonna kill us for the bangs pic...) 
Lmao cold's glasses 
On that basis then, none of us will ever need insurance then 
It didn’t even last half an hour! 
The face my dog made when we pulled into the vet parking lot
So excited for my date night Saturday with 
A little bit excited at the thought of having my own suit... 
Sam: "Peter, look at that." And then the crowd noise as they realize we are about to finish 1-5 
Hahahahahaha. Ooooooh Renuka Ji, my views on the constant metre long ghoonghats and lack of female agency will have Mr Barjatya super mad at me. 
 as a white male I have no real, pertinent say in this of course. But I still think your channel 4 interview was absolute class and am very glad it happened.  Not just for the riling the trolls the way you have 
Mamadou Sakho casually bumps into a surprised Blaise Matuidi in the streets of Paris on his motorbike. 
Her goes the whole Roach song. 
Do Chickens sleep in trees? 
For the DJ's! 
I am so here for the Kidz Trap Bop 
I don’t catch feelings often so when it finally happens I get excited and fuck things up
I once worked in an agency that put a TM on “3D”. 
Looks like she is missing doggydaycare to me 
10 points to anyone that can find Don E's twitter handle 
When someone is sassy so you feel like returning their gift 
Got a new fav gif.....i will constantly use this for no reason at all 
Have sold 260 million album !!!!!!! 
When you try your first Stone Island jumper on... 
Janet Planet the Ledge! 
I want No smoke. 
Meet our members: Teddy Crowell has been a member since we opened, & says that she loves our boot camps, & getting tortured by Camilla 
Lower league coupons aren't that bad a suppose 
ha ha ha yes nephew u kill me big ups man
Felt like a home game 
Nothing more annoying then going in a building and having a guy aiming down their sights waiting for you like alright 
Too busy checking my DM's 
Always looking for the good angles, still clearly haven't found that piece of nothing I always seem to stare at beside me 
totally oblivious to the fact that james franco and seth rogan are in this bar 
Told Cash we needed to do his hair for school this am. He asked, what for?  I said, so you look cool.  His response...I already look cool.  Little punk!  
Finally gonna go get my hair cut and transform from a 2 to a 10 
Can’t believe we had to make our way to our gig like this ! 
why settle for being a bath rubber duck when you can roam the oceans? 
 republicans weren’t butt hurt over the election, they took the loss and said hey this is our President. Dems took the loss and said SCREW YOU AMERICA.
I gotta go tell Facebook my review of the documentary now...djm I have more followers there 
Videos and interviews like this keeps me motivated. 
Hello hello! What's your favorite Thanksgiving food? (If you're not in the US ... try your best to answer 
Been knocking on some wood praying it won't rain tomorrow! I need my fans to knock on some wood as well
Okay.Yes, I watch news. Have YOU???? Have you seen the protests at his arrivals? Not the red carpet the govt rolls out. I’m talking about the citizens. He. Is. A. Joke. Get me some LEGITIMATE SOURCES for your information.
wakue aki,kwanza with these costumes
And seem to think Windass is their worst. He’s statistically one of their best performers, yet they blame him for their teams defensive failures 
If we came for 0-0 how’d you concede 3 goals? 
There's not much time left to win this 
Another great pic from Halloween 
Just when you thing you’ve got everything possible Union Jack - this arrives today - You guys !!! 
I’ve now been twitter shamed into having this for breakfast. About 23 of my 5 a day. 
Quick video update from the basement today, filming, building new bike, getting stressed 
And this is why I love the internet 
Bro  don’t put all that blame on me 
PET PROBLEMS!!!!! 
Mannnnn you’re so bogus for this pic 
CLASSIC: Mike Parry attempting the cinnamon challenge... 
IF THATS WHAT YA WANNA DO ON YA HONEYMOON IM YA MAN 
Quote of today from my son "if they have air conditioning why don't they have air shampoo" trying to be funny 
Just after narrowly escaping the claws of 
Loool so the many times I’ve this video I’m only now realising it’s kwamz & flava 
Oh Happy Day!! 
It definitely feels like Christmas in the office this week, thanks to 
How UPS Workers Training For The Holidays 
 humble n RECKLEZZ, Recklezz n HUMBLE 
So I made a fan group for 
 got me dying on snap chat 
Left footed, take on's, tackles, key passes, assists, retains possession, puts in a shift and covers miles, gets into the box and scores goals, shoots from distance, indirect set piece threat.. Can play at LM, AM, CM, DM probably LB.. yet someone says Joel Obi isn't important. 
Canada's worst driver makes me laugh when they all just ram right through the obstacles they aren't supposed to hit. 
Actually the opposite Ced. In my gym the sign reads, “Drop the MF weights. Then make loud inaudible gorilla grunts like an idiot. Then laugh hard”. I know it’s a very long sign to read. My gym. My rules. 
.. Sorry I couldn't help myself
Rate my birthday present mr 
 I'm dead, this show is going to be the craziest of them all, big up 
-im just tryna be brought home & introduced as somebody educated boyfriend & get a plate Thursday 
Back in Coffs Harbour! Looks like the service has started already! 
Want a good laugh?? Press play.
WHEN YOU DIDNT EAT SUHOOR AND YOU HEAR THE ADHAN 
Even the monsters get scared sometimes 
He probably gone lose his job after this but the sportscaster got me weak asf 
 Happy evening my friends, serenity to all
“Once in a GT the man with the hammer is coming. Now you got to push him away.“ 
Thanks for the moral support, 
Dancehall done numbers with this one. Big up the son of Supercat 
Last year i asked santa for a sis pitch. I got a sis goalmouth as a compromise 
Jeremy Corbyn describing how to make coddled eggs 
Oh i found out how to see patch notes on ps4 if we go to the game icon on the xmb press options button then go to update history. Lol simgurucleaninglady. That's awesome. 
This is what I’ll look like in 20 years! 
I have mixed emojis.
So much fun filming this with 
Wagga woody told me to send you this 
John Lithgow got a little confused while playing Mr & Mr with Mel Gibson, on this week's 
Gotta walk through this garden 10 times a day cuz she thinks she’s Poison Ivy! 
Maybe I just didn’t have a very good punch line.....very often the case with my stories
Cavani makes it 3-1!!!!Neymar with the assist... Seems like they're getting on just fine now 
Bruh I was really ugly bro 
Not everybody can swim. School hazard
You should've just dropped your song link & left 
Not too sure about the new hashtag 
This is the greatest video I have ever seen in my life 
Bit late mate! Supported them longer than I’ve been fishing. 
Caught this little Mangrove Snapper..reason my face is like that is because I been waiting for ages to take a video of the Dolphins around us and as soon as I caught a fish a put the camera down two dolphins jumped out in front of me! Typical 
I’ve finally got the warmth back into my fingers Ciara 
Can't get good selfies on the beach at Uttoxeter sadly 
Detroit! Now's your chance to win tickets to laugh all night long with 
Look at their happy faces. How dare Vegans say this is better than killing cows... 
Think someone needs to get to JELLI STUDIOS quickly!
What a fantastic night out with my colleagues for our retired A.O. Paul Adams firstly at 
What a bizarre day training; started with an abandoned FTP test, a distinctly average 5k commute, walk-run intervals with a friend and a 5k PB running. Is triathlon this confusing for anyone else?? 
Thanks Amanda ,all ready for my wkd jog
 is only saying what we all heard before or during the Perth Test 
Ha ha I thought you meant food hunger till I read it - thought I was unusual that running always makes famished 
Happy birthday to this old man 
Here it is “ rhinestone cowboy “ 
The team discussing western movies is hilarious. 
I’ve lived by myself for awhile now. Basically since I was 20 but this will be the first year I buy a Christmas tree for my place... I’m low key hella juiced 
Saoirse Ronan appeared on Saturday Night Live to teach Americans how to pronounce her name 
The weather's getting colder - we wish we were in Paradise instead! 
I felt someone staring at me, then I looked up and saw this 
Anyone else watch action movies and think about all the innocent people who get caught in the cross fire with all these shoot outs? Like damn you’re just gonna crash into traffic my dude???? 
Winter schedule tonight and possibly some new label IG story previews if i have enough to drink 
The moment I tell my fitness friend that my arms and her boobs should take our act on the road 
What is this I'm hearing....? Fed up of these MMA dudes trying to make a mockery of my sport!! 
The only time I have ever semi celebrated scoring a goal...it’s horrid 
If you suspect your girlfriend is cheating, jst call her friend ashewo and see ur girlfriend's history revealed.
Ya know what I’m like or ya better ya Yid xxx I’m ya future wife 
I managed to stock up on energy drinks in Malta 
Klopp is Making a pure cunt out of himself this weather 
A different style of interviewing by Peter Moody of Black Caviar fame! 
Do yous read tweets in your own voice or like the voice you assume is the writer's (weird question I know but think about it) 
Went to Celtic Park to photograph the worlds most expensive player, piece in 
Winner winner Chicken (Pie) Dinner!
Forest green surely this is a joke
 sings Brexit last night 
Motty’s advice for 2018 (during planning meeting). Play to our strengths, you don’t order calamari in the middle of Australia, you order a cheese sandwich 
Flynn prob walked in like I ain’t telling you S***. Mueller you’re looking at 25-40 yrs, he told me to do it. 
Just for a nice change, 
Old couple bickering in the dentist waiting room. He says he’s spent 54 years paying for her, so it’s her turn. She turns to me and says: “Bit of advice. Never get married.” My hero 
That moment when u blast up ur speakers and shamelessly sing along in ur car!
What's long and hard that a polish bride gets on her wedding night ? A new last Name 
The fam about to go crazy
Don’t care who wins as long as it’s England
Yoooo champ, the lags are a lot here. 
I wanted to wait a little longer get before announcing this, but I'm already showing so it's going to be hard to hide either way lol but I'm having a baby! He or she will be here summer 2018 since I only ever have summer babies it seems 
Walked from the airport arrivals to the Novotel literally 20 meters away and already saw Tongan flags 
When Chris Kattan comes to your game, and still loves doing the Night at the Roxbury, you make it a thing. 
who wants to see the fresh prince dafty slap 
How’s Amir Khan gone in dressed like that 
 must single handedly drive up the price of petrol with the amount of fuel he burns up I'd say 
Hold Up! Amir Kahn said he is scared of spiders and heights and he has never watched the show!
The SNL Tim Kaine in Spanish joke is so funny 
 When you accidentally sit on a cup of tea. 
We would like to congratulate Jeremy Hunt for unearthing the one junior doctor out of 54,000 who is willing to agree with him - it has only taken him two years 
Our Dancing at Lughnasa set build has been approved by the lab testing 
Looks like people like Jos' comments. 
He. Is. Hilarious. 
We are scoring from corners . yaayyyyy. 
Filmed this for CBBC ... now a shameless plug to you lot too 
Thank you to everyone who posted & sent me this 
Just caught up on last night’s 
this young lady (jana häusl) was the superstar yesterday at the stage 
I shouldn't laugh but... 
No I don’t that scandalous and ludicrous 
Toff's impression of Amir might just be the best thing we've ever seen 
Never let these two back stage!!
It’ll be an even better show on Saturday 
Javale McGee and Steph Curry are making gentleman bets on college basketball games and it's amazing 
Can't bring myself to carve a pumpkin after last years masterpiece 
Lol don't act like thunder don't use Roberson to guard the best perimeter player. And you're so scared of curry you double team him all the time 
That glitter is never coming off !! 
Retweet if you're a better QB than Nathan Peterman 
Is this real life?! 
Guess who?!? 
Anyone else watching “Tina Turner Live in Holland” with their parents? 
Doing interviews with ppl about what’s changed since election 1 yr ago. One man says, “a lot’s changed, go look it up on the internet.” 
I found the WHOLE VIDEO.. y'all I'm so damn weak 
Got the captain for USA to dab for me 
My Brother In Law cracks me up! Check this out! 
I be so happy. I be smiling for absolutely no reason.  
Don't no what ide do without 
My homie and business partner 
A couple of staff gave successfully got 
It would be ever so romantic if I had some company 
I truly root for Lonzo Ball cus people want to see him fail cus they don't like his dad. Fuck those people and their sad lives 
“I love coming on your show, great way to end an evening” Bradley Walsh 
True story. I had a great time last night 
It all started off so well.... and then.... 
“Did you really just ask me that?” 
.......finally all na the same thing. He is out. Shikina
Officially renamed 'Baby Panda' in my group chat 
For someone who jumps at pirates of the Caribbean... surprised I survived the 
Which goal was better? 
When CT called him out on his 70 million dollars 
Who used to play Beehive Bedlam on Sky..that game used to be sick 
Ok so this is the deal. Matt and Ross bet me $100 I couldn’t guess a plot line in one of the episodes. I did...so here I am showing off my sweet victory 
Remember when Man Utd signed Mourinho, Zlatan and Pogba, they thought they'd win everything including the US elections, WWE, US Open 
Shares a lot of similarities with his mother eh 
Niall knows how to shake his butt while dancing better than me
That’s how you smash an interview 
Ding-a-ling.. You definitely can't listen to that track with the lads in the whip 
 No, wait, 
The special feature has just inspired Quote of the Day in the office too: "I once got a vol au vent stuck to my foot at a disco." 
"Are you the DreamHack Snapchat?""Yes""Can I take a picture with you?"Hahaha I'm dying. First and probably last fan pic 
What was that about NO Golden State players.... 
How Superteams Gonna Be Looking To All The Other NBA Teams This Season 
tory gonna beat your ass man.
When I'm about to go to shower but the water is cold 
My plant pumpkin reminds me of Wilson from Cast Away 
 True? Nah!! 
Trigger's story about his cousin is one of the greatest
 I’m not sure the two on the right are that cool... thanks so much for having us! 
Yeah, because 'underdogs' (
Gary Madine asking for ball today 
Oh - that has made my day 
I mean that goal was class, but this is something else 
This is amazzzzing! There’s our running back! This made the day, Kim! 
First time doing an interview on TV today! View the segment here which aired on City TV Winnipeg: 
When the weekend sneaks up fast like....
 But, seriously... 
you trying to throw shade at me?
Morning miles in wth the brother 
 And my first job as PM is to declare a 
Don't be an Emily! 
No, they don’t. However, I stood with the great people of East Lothian and happily booted you out of Parliament! 
The Empire strikes back? With. 
 We have one of yours, Toby Banks, here as lifeboat crew! Do you want him back?
"Apparently, W Bellevue guests like to get a little turnt." 
 It’s all part of my master plan to fade into Kate Bush-esque reclusiveness. Drag my stalkers into plain sight and direct them towards you and 
Scared to watch I’m a celeb incase Jamie lomas is nothing like Warren in hollyoaks and it ruins my whole life 
Don't expect a high position when I'm in  
STAAAP!!!!!
 saved a few quid did r kid back in the day with his 
You get your shoes back from floyd 
This is incredibly exciting! Happy to have consulted on this fine editing by 
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING ON CNN?!! 
I Wish You Could Build A Bitch 
 did I do it right?? 
WINNER: Tweet of the weekend. 
Everyone at supanova gonna have to get their pics with me in my arsenal shirt today 
Wichita State shutting everyone up even with their best player gone. 
When people take FOREVER TO PAY! 
For those of you who need a laugh... 
Kevin De Bruyne was not ready for this rabona penalty 
That's the Xmas beer sorted!! 
Just finished editing one of our funniest videos to date!! 
Who's shadow does it best 
 mothership stole Sparky!! (I`m master of photoshop
Hope you are coming to watch me win SIX NIL 
"BisaKdei-Life " is really my go to song if I'm tryna break the whole dance floor 
 like my brother and we never even talked i vibe to that boy and put people on him like he my real life brother 
Please share - tag a close buddy that you will dance like this with after a few pints 
At least I'm not stuck in the middle 
Tourettes on a plane.... "WE'RE SMUGGLING COCAINE!!"  
I'm finally going to give in to temptation today. I'm going to download Fortnite.Who's going to teach me what to do?
My kids always asked why the city fans sung "where were you when we were sh*t" and I was like "I was playing" 
Sometimes, jokes can go too far... *ahem* Isaac. 
What do you think to our cheeky Sunday cover of 
One of the Best stand ups I've ever seen. Whole fucking day bummed out, seen you on Netflix then I laughed beginning to end you're a crazy mother fucker. Duck duck goose, No duck duck nigga !!! 
BREAKING NEWS!Yes! They've only gone and done it! 
12 minutes to go. Who's counting 
Obvious proof that our schools are dumbing students down ! Proof right here ! 
A LITTLE road rage 
1997 - 2017Time flies 
When you try and be cool w/ bae after you get caught lying 
As soon as I saw this I thought of you ! 
We aren't the world's most dangerous sports show for nothing 
Lol @ “his lil friends” 
What the hell was that?! Ggwp 
Dunno whats going on. Next it will be hair bobbles and jojo clips 
His wife is a lucky lucky woman 
What a better way to shake up your 
Alien Facehugger made from chicken and crab by 
I never get the flu so I never get the flu shot. Am I living life on the edge here?
Eva has discovered cheese and pickle! 
The most financially dangerous book I've ever read 
Who's going ice skating at the Christmas markets this weekend? Any survivors are welcome to celebrate the gift of life with us! 
Matching PJs for dogs and people?! 
I blow up me mums car ...sorry mam 
This guy got stuck in a lift after peeing in it and shorting out the electronics. Can I just say that peeing in a lift is just wrong ... on many levels! 
The three classic stages of learning how to porròn 
“Nobody puts baby in the corner!” 
The Naughty Khans! 
Of course it’s a silly question - it never rains at Erskine 
Guessing Steven MacLean got booked for that goal celebration then? 
‘I’m glad you find it entertaining that I got attacked by flying potatoes’ 
Can’t wait for this Q&A with 
Snipe.... celly 
I wonder what logic was applied here
Loool, Day Made.. 
  just ordered your slime book ! And preordered your diy & crafts book!! CANT WAITTT!!!! I also ordered some slime things
Me all over!!! 
Always cool to see that great products are acknowledged, especially when it involves my friend 
When most of these comments are about Taylor and karlie and not about lily dead 
"That was my twin brother, who knows nothing about football!"
The ballboy will be a legend tomorrow at school. Show and tell will be going off! 
Best game show EVER! 
I see ya russ!!! Put that boy on stakes!! 
I cant work out if they’re being serious or not. I thought there was only tennis down there & was that a jewish star of david in the intro?
 when you've caught up a whole season in 2 days and season 2 is staring you in the face but you've had no sleep... looks like I'm staying up again!!! 
You've heard the rumours....we can confirm IT'S (not) TRUE! The first celebrity contestant for 2017 is Geoffrey! 
Looks like I can use my fav World Cup joke againwhat do you call a Scotsman taking part in the World Cup finals??- Ref 
Damn sprint lanes. 
This Simpsons vs Rick and Morty clip just made my day 
Shoutout to everybody that's bin following my blog since back when I had to give myself the 11th like so it could be numbers!! 
These hoes be in your bottle section with $2.56 in they bank account 
I don’t know. It’s one of my daughters 
That's right, dolls. She wasn't kidding. 
Does anyone else's Xbox One just randomly turn on in the middle of the night???This has gotta stop, it's scaring the shit out of me 
 that’s one way of looking at it, like to think we fulfil that criteria ‘up north’
My blockchain shitpost reached 1m impressions before someone got offended and decided to tell me I don't know how blockchain works 
No one strategizes better than a broke nigga.... I strategize impeccably well 
My doctor is Gorgeous.... lol like so hot.... in fact I
Great handover speech! 
sisterly love at its finest... 
Same cast as my Instagram story, but with 50% less demon 
Never the best idea to test yourself against Quade Cooper in front of all your mates!! 
’s snap story yesterday was on a whole new level. Please always do a fabfitfun opening. Omg 
 Yay! Look what's just arrived! I got one look at it before Mum took it off me until Christmas!
There’s a couch outside my neighbours house waiting to be picked up if anyone needs new pads... 
Should I favorite that tweet 
Wish I’d read this article on race weight more than 36hrs before 
At Twickenham watching england win! My boys both score in a 7-0 luton win! Just waiting on the hammers and toon to make it a proper carling day!!! 
All star weekend definitely gonna be food chain for a lot of outta towners 
Just started Bring Me Back, Oh my goodness 
When you are very determined to attend the party despite not being able to iron your cloth because Nepa disconnected your light a day before "the party."
Some of the replies to this video are hilarious 'why you talking about badges when we are playing so shit'They clearly should have told her she needs to start Sakho and play 2 up top 
One solid month in. The gym has definitely boosted my overall morale. 
N so he should but if not, he's welcome anytime !!!!@DeanHadley11 
that's you hiding around corners looking for me 
This is the greatest thing I’ve ever listened to
Nigga that’s why i said ,she needs to open her mouth 
Trapped my children in a snow globe 
The face you make when you got caught using your "back-up" shirt so you don't match your players! 
its so funny bc last night when some KCs and i were on house party this was exactly what we were talking about 
Austin Peay's coach 
4 feet in the box ? 
Get you a man like dis 
OYA WHOZzzz YA DADDY? 
happiest of birthdays to a real genuine girl. i hope you have the greatest day ever alyssa, stay rustic 
At first I thought shawty dressed up as an acrylic nail for halloween 
You get a Force Band. YOU get a Force Band! YOU GET A FORCE BAND! With any already discounted Droid like R2-D2 – NOW $129. 
This might break the internet 
Ok first off thank youuu this is very nice. Also who dat girl in your profile pic? She gonna be mad at you for this? 
Even though I missed the call thank you 
How did he get this so right? 
Any cunt need a pony !!! Loves kids 
miraculously, iv come to the realization that he probably is going to play both ur dubs 
Our MCs commanding band solos 
"I know it was you Alfreddo!" 
Just about to run the Snetterton half marathon. I forgot my running leggings... 
#4 & #5 - 
Commentary may be a new talent I've found, but seeing into the future may take some practice 
When your Jam comes on !! 
When you land in Brisbane and your driver introduces himself as Widnes! I said your not going to beat me three times on the way there are you and I’m definitely not using you next year as I don’t want someone who might go down on me 
Bet he wishes he just boxed kell brook now instead of screaming like a big Jessie 
 It’s still early ... 
like i said I have my own brain to use to think. I don’t care about society 
Looking forward to watching Brooke on 
Throwback to when two Manchester City fans pranked their Grandma. 
Even if your Dad is Will Ferrell or Mark Wahlberg, they're still gonna embarrass you 
Tag a friend who would happily wear this 
Chance the Rapper did a hockey skit on SNL, this is hilarious. 
Life really can be a drag! 
this is the coolest most gangsta shit I've ever seen 
Sadly I couldn't secure a 
My mum goes to the shop to read my National cartoon then puts the paper back down 
Just told my Nanna I might have a cameo in panto this year. Apparently she can’t attend. Haven’t told her the dates yet 
If you drive a solar powered vehicle, are you always burning daylight? 
I'm up for work in 5 hours and beth wants to buy me a takeaway 
Yo Dallas is where it’s at. Can’t wait for the squad to be here. 
same sis. I just pick out the ones business related.W can't really respond to all dms can we?
 I was hella weak when he said “Jazmin” 
Things I look forward to in life:Christmas with the famStudio or djing at a gigAnd..... 
Dr. Huff with our cinnamon rolls this morning 
Im pretty sure you walked away with out slapping him and you took your time because he was a good looking guy 
Why I love twitter
Aye good shit tonight at Gonzaga g. Like I went to my brother's concert 
He got curved into 2018 
I'm sure I added to the sweaty, shirtless 
The thread to this has me dying right now 
The Big V on the grill today bashing out 4,000 burgers for the staff 
Why you don’t follow me back on ig den ?
"I just noticed that DJ to your left - has he been there all week?""Yeh, he's playing some sick beats"Got to love 
Some throwback footage from the early days. 
LOL!!!! That's a good one bra!! 
Any 30 something's on here remember Gazza's Soccer School on a Sunday morning ? Was a must watch. Helped me perfect the Cruyff turn post Italia 90 
Last night a crazy homeless veteran punched me in the back of the head on the subway platform.  Welcome to NY 
Yes, kinda like that 
lol gabe been beatin ass since rpb dayss
If he pays for your Uber’s, he’s a keeper 
 You are sounding so wild on radio, wow. 
When I was chasin bitches I was broke 
Guys who buy tickets last minute have been found out. 
PART 2: Best Review ever on our Milkshake Stout by Saturday AM - check it out!! - I think we can confidently say they are going apeshiii for it! Delighted!  
Teams will be going all out to win this yrs hurling league 
Better picture this time brother? 
... and after his display today I'm sure there'll be a few newborns that'll be named Alexis! 
Becky-‘what fish is it from?’Ant-‘he was called Tom’I’m crying 
Your new favorite account 
What locations will have these and are they first come first serve 
Augustine Pulu with a new way to stop someone scoring at the base of the post 
Lmfaooo bro, I’ll be Willy Wonka EVERYWHERE lol giving bitches some sweets for real 
What are you trying to say?!!! 
After the story about the Japanese rail company apologising for running their service seconds early, this excuse for our failure of a transport network is even more ridiculous! 
That can't be a woman in the PNG shirt 
Ciara trying on Russell’s High School jersey.“If I had known you in high school we would have had bout six of these kids”“babe STOP” 
On a scale of 1-10, how perfect is this guide for the major 
I'd just like to say a huge thank you to the wonderful 
Retweet if you're laughing at Liverpool
We'll give Didi a pass on his postgame tweet tonight. 
Thank you, Kamil, for gifting me this rehearsal room gem! 
With Mr Obama. They'd have a ball.
Did someone say soreen ??? 
Meanwhile, in Argentina... 
Someone once told me a story about being in an English hotel and ringing down to reception to complain her drawers were missing. 
On the subway dying listening to you guys talk about putting a giraffe in a box 
 I need a hammer and chisel emoticon.
Didn’t know you guys were in Antarctica 
oh my goodness, so true
When your brother is D1 track bound
The mug every writer needs...
I don't even know who this guy is anymore lol. Officially name dropping on my linked in account
Its the vi or emacs, but for microservices 
 that say “if this idea doesn’t work I’m personally going to destroy every single person in this room” 
Facebook Live for tv is a winner 
Celtic have taken the lead at PSG after 57 seconds 
That was the best. I love Chicago. Go Cubs! We did it! 
This is amazing. Need a mince pie with it 
Oh you mad.......... You BIG mad (*Plies voice) 
Bit heavy uso need to lay off that KFC 
As in! I'm not your mommy 
THREE of the loveliest bands in the business are out on the road together right now playing fucking ARENAS!! ARENAS MATE!
 I'm jk though y'all it was funny though
    delighted to score my first goal for Cardiff today. What a tackle 
Lucy,Victoria tell John I want This for Xmas
“Hold right my mum and her vagina” 
Abby made me a little farewell clay art piece....pity she left me to clean it up 
Nominated for a Grammy, Sound 
Calm once I've got a lil cash I'll resubscribe to Apple Music and Spotify just for you lot 
Send us the GIF that best represents how you felt when you got a ticket to our tour! 
Nibali just realized that cycling is a team sport. 
They look even better as an album cover
where is there good ramen in Toronto? Kinton will not acceptable for 6 months 
1st of all, I love the visual of Ms. Diana Ross rocking a fanny pack. Secondly, her shopping at Marshall’s with said Fanny pack is ICONIC 
This is basically my every time shooting the main event face off when every fan decides to stand up and shoot with their 18inch iPad above their head. 
Good evening everyone, I hope you all had a fab weekend..still trying to work this whole twitter out 
That’s they way of shooting they shot 
We all have a mate who is as awkward to flirt with as Sideman on 
When you forget to check Snapchat for a day and you have to go trough hours of 
We have no details on this 8 second clip, but it's amazing 
Queensland, have your say in the great Australian 
That looks like tom hardy in character for something wild
I Understand That Feeling 
  After a rocky start, a broken bus and a missed train...we are London bound!! :D looking forward to meeting the guys from 
I found the graphics Apple used in the 
THIS IS AMAZING! And my most favourite ingredient there is 125g of Fresh Sweat right from Grandad's vest!!! 
"The Kauai Kid" 
Tag Somebody who know all the words 
Coming off twitter now for a good while,had ups and downs
'Knock on door''Hi Mr Zarco, its vale, can I have my bike back please''What's the Italian for get fucked' 
Hope you’ve found some banter since leaving London Abu!! 
This Kaizer Chiefs fan is our hero. 
Dear Tottenham, that's another trophy we have won at your ground. 
Saudi Cleric Says the Sun Rotates Around the Earth 
This gif never fails to make me smile 
This is BY FAR the best thing I’ve ever received 
You are not friends and never ever will be 
Thornlie canteen. P1s 
Me: “I love you”Pizza: “I know.” 
After being homeless for 2 years 
I’m in shape. A shape of a potato. 
At this rate neither team gonna win their bye week 
What!? Does anybody else say Lego like this?! 
I’ve seen it all now...
This is how I woke up. 
I would like to make a gesture for all the support that ppl bring me about my art and send 18 Christmas cards signed. The first ones to reply here will be the first ones served! ^^Give me your choice in your reply, don't fight 
 2009 This photo needs no words officialgreenvelvet 
Perhaps the best iPhone portrait I've taken yet 
Gotta love twitter 
Lot of ways to vote!!!!! 
Gold medalist and didn't even have to fight 
MANS NOT HOT TORONTO VERSION
Why you shouldn't be a d online, captured in three screen grabs. Thanks 
At least Jan has our back 
 naw they staying@Reddsaidit 
Our top reader frm 
They'll be relegated they said 
Did I sleep through the hurricane or did it never come 
Guess who's ready for Reputation tonight? 
Reliving the 1950s in the great American diner with my son dam dam ( short for damaso 
This will get you slightly hyped 
That’s yo hitstick foolie aha
That time Mick McCarthy shit himself over absolutely nothing 
Put him back in his place, y’all! 
I feel so powerful having this gif before other people 
If anyone knows my riding, they will know I can't do barspins very well. So this is a big thing for me 
I posted this on Facebook some years ago and all hell broke loose on my page. 
I didn’t like how quiet the kids were here! 
Pasini got the vital basics covered when he tested the gorgeous Suter 500 at Jerez then... anyone notice what that is 
I love Gaten so much 
It was great having you over. We obviously need to get trying a bit more 
Here's 2... (or 3 
He's beautiful and right on ! 
Sick of R&D tax credit calls? I just say we are focusing on consultancy. Sick of Tinnitus Spam emails, I don’t listen to them. 
My life in a nutshell. 
This ref's got no chill ! 
Pop keeps it real. 
Y’all pray for me. The devil is busy today. 
Ally McCoist's classic story about Gazza and his two trout 
 these people who 'lost' their cars at the airport are giving me life.....suddendly I don't feel quite like an idiot
Crying @ bull dagger 
2 hours and 10miles with Fred on my shoulders...... happy Fireworks night 
Quite possibly be best tweet I've read in q very long time. 
Pheobe inspecting the finished paint job 
Sound check Edinburgh ....I apologise for the singing 
Somebody did a 2k face scan with a blunt in his mouth 
 The comments on this are amazing... 'Big Brother Communism', 'Lefty Green bias'. If Meat Free Mondays trigger you that much you can always just nip to Greggs on the way to work.
I'll take those odds 
Old couple in the elevator:Old man: Which floor dear?Old lady: *winks* She's obviously going to the penthouse! 
Must see: Nick Saban opens press conference with his disdain for worn-out jeans... then cracks himself up 
Never too busy for a dance party... 
My topiary is on tilt! 
Deadpool as Bob Ross. Your argument is invalid. 
As a Mexican, I agree. I'm gonna stick to my caldo and my charro beans 
Thanks for the laughs. King Callow, don't ever change! 
When you get photobombed by a Chelsea legend! 
Nice one jordan. Great round 
Now this. This is ME AF 
has mean gene ever exited a ring before or...
First time we have seen a challenge done in hospital gowns! 
When you forget it’s your Mom’s birthday but you have the 
Researchers found that 74 percent of mums and 70 percent of dads confessed to liking one of their kids more than another, although they didn't say which one they liked most which is probably wise 
 jumping off stage during the letlive. set and running through the crowd to get to a mechanical bull, proceed to ride said bull, and run back through the crowd to finish out the song. 
Hey early risers- the suns nearly up! Here’s my view from the lesbian loft 
About time you pleb jk congrats my dude now if you could stop carrying me on a pad then that would be great 
 I would never call a ex and hate on another nigga. Drake funny for this one 
Shoot, I guess embrace it 
I now very much regret not going to the North London derby. 
I hope my imitation didn't scare you 
Oh no! Wonder if Michael will be oot!!@AlexArthur1 
Maybe I'll get to have one this time! 
it’s finally settled.... the dolphins can’t beat the bucs 
Peter Wright trying to give MVG's daughter a 'Snakebite' hairstyle! 
Russ knew Melo’s first shot was going in 
When your team car is far behind but your adrenaline says "keep going!" 
I'm so high I'm looking at foodporn pictures 
Waiting to see who puts the pineapple in their transport bag 
There’s a fine line between running towards a storm & chasing rainbows 
should i buy this for JackJ when they come to europe? 
Excerpt from Trump's first interview with 
man these boys done made my night 
'You try speaking in another language, everybody out of my house!' 
Schalke Fans are lit! 
 on Thursday at the recording. It’s a shame you missed the hour of unbroadcastable stuff 
“Impressed” Catcha bubble on this tune and let me know how it goes. 
These awkward dads are having a win streak of their own 
Well that was a bit of a tongue twister 
Check it out! Here is what went down on Carpool Karaoke with 
Didnt think u would reply
Gotta appreciate the irony that you’re sharing this on ITunes 
I can’t believe she’s only 3 
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON HERE.
My music goes from heart break to selling drugs mood in like .572628 seconds 
6 days left on my Kickstarter! Gonna be so weird when it's over! It's been a long, overwhelming, wonderful month 
walkin in Eiffel with my thanksgiving plate in my hand 
To the people who eat chicken wings in public with a knife and folk... you're not fooling anyone. 
That cup gets everywhere!! 
Real talk, who remembers Amanda Bynes mom getting stuck on a hot air balloon? Shit scarred me as a kid 
This is incredible. Incredibly undeniable. 
Dylan Strome gets his stick stolen, uses his opponents stick to score a sweet goal, and exchanges sticks after 
 did not disappoint. Cheeks hurt from laughter. “And she’s a horse!” 
Watch this absolute car crash of a rope swing by 
Just me or does Chris look and sound like a long lost brother of 
'Bond in Bound' YAY! I finished it finally 
When your mum thinks you've smoked weed every time you came back from the swimming pools 
I really don't know, I haven't seen it! 
When you're not blessed with good hair? Have a best friend that does hair extensions 
"I'm excited. I can't sleep. I keep wanting to pee cause I'm so excited. After seven thousand miles to have this down to two miles is awesome." - 
You gyal have hella confidence telling everyone you wear wigs now 
So Someone Actually Wrote Codes On Paper Like I Did... Actuall, I Practiced CSS On Nokia C1... 
I did myself a favor today and kept the apartment tidy (for my health 
Nick Saban called out Ohio State's 31-point loss to Iowa, then SportsCenter had Urban Meyer on to respond 
Switched on Coronation Street and see Vic Reeves and the first thing he says [to wee daft Norris] “I coerced her to steal your blood” 
Behold my basketball championship trophy when I was 10 years old!!! We were undefeated...I only made 2 baskets the entire season!!! 
"A dog just turned up at my local park on a skateboard..." 
Carragher's reaction to being allowed to say 's**t' on live TV. 
“...I’m definitely effing stuffing.”—
I ask her if she wants to come to the gym with me and she shows up in all her new kit...
 she ain't looking too pretty
Found some good advice on one of the desks at my university lecture! 
Avalanche City survived the hectic red carpet. Whew! 
Max Scherzer the NL Cy Young... Here's all 268 of his strikeouts this season 
2+2 that’s 4 minus 1 thats 3 quick maff 
When you're the office hero... 
Working basketball camp(6 hours) plus working at pluckers(6 hours) equals super sore, tired me
I’m not saying you won’t have a Happy Thanksgiving without this but... 
Anyone else do that thing when you’re assisting a patient with their food and you start closing your own mouth along with them? 
You know how cars in Fast and Furious use a Nos boost for extra juice? That’s ours 
Booky anthems!! 
Enjoyed spending time with my new Personal Tutor group this morning aka "Tolley's Dollys" 
Now I know how tall u are. 
“@Wow_Vine: LMAOO Tf is this 
Wait till you see how this SR250 turns out guys!! 
Sooo we have drawn our raffle for our Macmillan Coffee Morning!!! Can you tell we love a boomerang 
Let's bring back the greatest meme ever created!
Who’s watching The Chase with 
“ Pops, I ain’t never ever seen you talk like this “ 
 Wow Airbourne! Now that is how to put on a Rock Show...best gig I have been to for ages!! My ears are still ringing!! 
didnt know you could rap like this 
How bout them Cowboys?!?!
dig the fighting skills Tory
Old head Northwood summer campers. Mr. McCray is so disappointed that I didn’t play college ball. 
Have you seen a skin-head run past with a mobile phone? 
That’s bloody tough that is! Thank god I never had to do that 
Ovechkin commercials were always the best 
"How Diezani Forced Jonathan To Sack Me" – Stella Oduah 
 wilder is a funny guy tbh 
Bit of balsamic glaze at least hun 
Thank you Ms Ashley! I’ll get on your back for a push up anytime 
Anyone else not think it’s a bit random that they sell condoms in the Asda toilets? what’s going on in there....quick stroll round the fruit and vegetables isle then off for a bang in the toilets haha 
Me as Kim Condashian-Wurst was a hot mess Saturday night at 
JK3 with the AACTA appropriate all caps 
Says the Scot ruled by us English even after a vote 
Sick in bed wishing Tess was with me. Anyone in Montreal with a puppy they could lend me for the day 
“As they say in hockey, let’s do that hockey.” 
"let me see what you have..""a knife""NOOOOOO" 
 I'm not tryna fail lmao I just might delete the first tweet cuz I still got notis from that and Im just tryna chill now that I got my shit done. Especialy the other faggorito tryna talk shit for no reason I looked through his tweets and the man just chasing attention 
 some of these “talking heads are hilarious!!
Grown men get on social media just to hate on another person... 
Stood up to idiotic lads being nasty in the shops because I’ve been watching Kim Woodburn clips today with 
Even in the final stretch, Lefty never loses his sense of humor 
BEN - “TURBO TURBO POUNCE...DILLY DILLY” 
I don’t have £50 to splash around 
Problem was, the dog was only 12. 
That was good Disney but this would be a fun cast too! 
 arrest that man for a fashion tragedy 
Get off the fence, which boys are better? 
The two Victorians sledging the rest of us. 
this guy flipped a water bottle for his talent show & it's the greatest thing ever 
There's more to Quizlet than the Live module. Try telling that to the students 
 io ngoma inaleta feelings 
CVS blaring Bad Day by Daniel Powter takes me back. Back to walking off the mound in every bad minor league game I had 
Day Vs Night here at Aragon today :) really really enjoying myself. Makes a change 
 I’m confiding in you guys
me nd neve were 10x worse in BM
Shotgun, always here to serve our adoring (and adorable) fans of 
 Spotted the camera & pulled out a cheesy 
I hate the Internet man 
I always fancied a taxi ride till I saw the lack of space yesterday on that, we said fluff that for a game of soldiers 
 say that! Just keep updated on which days and we lit
This week's employee spotlight features Kayla Vallone. Find out what Kayla's biggest pet peeve is! 
Last night...... A crazy camp night in Liverpool! 
My boy’s PAPANBARI challenge by 
Man said Theresa Mao you're taking the piss 
Probs shouldn't laugh at a time like this... but that was brilliant 
What a return to action from Faugheen the machine! With his old jumping quirk for good measure 
 Well done Sabah and Luke for interviewing 
If Prince & Michael ever came to 
The Accidental Text on Purpose is the new Costanza Leave Behind 
I’m real life 
Lil mama wasn't havin' it! 
 must be depressing when you actually win for once and still can't get off the bottom of the table 
These new yeezys look like dad spec asics 
The amount of new people that I have meet because I wave to them, thinking I know them is insane! 
She blaming an itchy scalp on witchcraft 
Saturday Smoothie off to a Roaring start!! 
Had to get the wife to pick one 
Darren Stuart has absolutely no qualms. He is qualm free 
my uber driver playing all Lil Herb & Lil Twan shit
I will never tire of Law & Order: SVU's fake versions of social media. Tonight's offering to represent SnapChat: "ChatSlam" 
So stoked guys!!!! Going to be a delicious  Sunday!!! 1650 SENTER RD
Last random spin b4 we start S5 
Vinyl will always be the one! 
Obama is that one ex that still gets invited to all the family functions because everybody liked him so much 
"I think this is the only thing from Detroit techno that has a harmonica in it." 
There's only one way to settle a debate, right?!
oh. my. god.it’s a bird, it’s a plane, it’s...  Dean and Brandon ON a plane 
 ohhhh ohhh me ears are alight 
1 uppercut, Celine job 
And the Seven Kingdoms were forever changed by King 
It’s called the weekend 
As from tomorrow the new wind op tool is open on the BHA site. As Finula had one today, I could be the first to declare. Exciting times 
If you want interesting racing stories have dinner with 
Disturbing footage has emerged from after the Swansea-Leicester game last month. Authorities are trying to identify this troublemaker. Apologies all round! 
can't even buy a coke 
Oh happy Days... me and 
So the boss asked for more help over the show and festive period... we ended up with a Lurcher puppy 
I feel like I am in a secret club 
happy birthday dad miss you bro. hope it was splendid you beauty. 
Good Morning. Thursday beckons with news today that the secret to youth is eating chocolate and drinking red wine, a study suggests. Looking good for me then 
Retweet if you love to 'take the pea' 
 someone get childline pls
Throwing shade come indirect!!
Update: Days 1-5 are also now gone. I ruin it for myself 
Here’s another one. Hats of to the brilliant 
"Calmness personified by Duffy" as he kicks it out for a throw 
He’s acted in major Bollywood films, and Punjabi films, and he’s produced some too! Is there anything that birthday boy Jimmy Shergill can’t do? 
OMG... So I finally had a chance to see the new Will and Grace!  So funny... Binge watching... and I'm loving the fact that Jack is a Grandpa!!! 
 she got us fucked up fleecy breathe stink
He never was when conceding goals 
I will be filming every step of the way, so stay tuned tomorrow!! 
Congratulations Genuine on your latest offer! (This is the look I always get
 These sweaters will get you in the spirit early. 
I'm 5 weights heavier than Ali 
I did this!!!!! 
This generation sha, abeg make person first marry before e enter market else we will judge all standing breast till we see, touch and taste 
I’m wearing my bonnet right now as I tweet 
This MUST come to Canada! 
"Bruh. Pee in my bed? 
This is so true.... great edit 
its ya boi kenneth tuffin 
// it's just the intermission. 
 I've been winning at everything channel 5 has aired since its inception then. 
RT if you can't get enough of this bromance. 
WE WAS SAYIN THIS ALL DAY
QUALITY: Lee Sharpe's story of Sir Alex Ferguson after Eric Cantona's red card vs Crystal Palace. 
Y’all be moving in SILENCE LOUD AF 
Doughty, Kopitar, and Brown were arguing over who had to cover Karlsson 
Thank you for this, Trace Adkins 
You must love that deadline day adrenaline rush init 
Ha ha i can answer that for him, is it fuck 
Pat Butcher getting turned up with a load of Nuns is the best thing I’ve seen on telly this year 
I played GEM and words with friends came up with this 
What happens when your patience runs out?? If it It thisssssss thin?? 
How many steps in a euro, Harden? 
That’s for life though 
Yes I did and he also said he had an accomplice “tell tale tit” 
I'd say this about my twin. It's pretty normal to be an ass to them honestly. 
Funniest burglary caught on tape 
Finally got these babies up after almost 7 years 
Another well thought-out argument.  
Dawg!!! 
Patrice Evra on Instagram brightening up your Monday.The best one yet. 
yesss sis.. curve goddess 
I think this is the longest manual I ever done! 
We already kinda went there 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BLACK OUT BETTY 
Congratulations on popping the question, 
My daughter asks for bacon every time she wakes up in the morning. 
Normal parents just play football with their kids. Seedorf decides to become an airbender 
Can't wait to TRY this one 
This guy DM’d my friend a picture of a couch, and then a rug, and then pots and pans, and then a whole bunch of furniture. My friend sent him a “?” and the dude was like “oh, don’t mind me...I’m just moving in to your DMs” 
I don't have malaria in Jesus's name 
You're never too young to tailgate. 
This still funny af 
Glad I have these guinea pigs at home 
I agree the items are not worth £50 and I would never pay it, and I am also not a fan girl 
I’m CRYIN!! Snoop really be the voice for all of us and how we feel 
Love being at work on a cold tuesday 
Adam I f***ing love you! 
Like they say, the apple don’t fall far from the tree
Wow making fake accounts of western league players 
I'm so done with you! 
This tweet did not age well at all
My hubby told me I'm the light of his life and gave me this lol 
I feel I know who 
 don't worry lads, they got ours wrong aswell last time -_-
Omg lesson learned: do NOT put a frozen pizza in a waffle iron 
Are you proud of SENATOR Al Franken? So the elitist Dems have a few skeletons in their closet you know besides the smooth criminal HRC 
THEY SET UP A MIRROR IN THE MIDDLE OF THE JUNGLE AND DIFFERENT ANIMALS WALKED BY 
“Pop’s trippin.. He want me to come ask for my bike back..” 
Here it is: 18 timpani lined up for today’s rehearsal! If you feel the earth shaking this week, don’t panic — it’s just us playing Berlioz’s Requiem. 
At night I sleep with the tv on not cause I'm watching tv but cause my tv be watching me 
Over the next three nights we've got 
Part 2 out today so far a fun filled 2017 season,well there were some tears and hard work too 
my guy!! 2 mill? Tell me how you FEEEEEEL. We came a long way... congrats my dawg! (Two of the biggest Lebron fans in one pic
I have some new merchandise up on my webstore, including a Let's Go Girls wine tumblr, my personal favorite 
Brilliant from the Panama ball boy. He did what he had to do 
When men were god damn sexual tyrannosauruses 
What on earth are Members of Parliament in South Africa on? 
Phil Kessel's Goal -- Celine Dion "My Heart Will Go On" Remix 
It's interesting to play Zangief in 3 different street fighter games in the same tournament 
GREAT job to the Alvarez district in Utah!! I agree with Jason, your sweater is beautiful!! 
This Green Bay game is the most entertaining thing I've seen in a long time 
Tell you something that taxi driver from the airport was legendary
“It’s the middle of winter, and the papers are issuing drought warnings, so people are going out and panic buying Peckham bloody spring” 
Trying to avoid all trailers, posters, and visuals from 
It's one thing to sounds stupid but you even have the look down pat 
Watch @iamkelis gatecrashing 
Lol Zuma is really not trying to catch that resignation fever
We broke him. Sorry community 
I remember this one time in 2010 this dude from Nigeria came to zed because he liked my girlfriend at the time. Dude even wanted to pay me off to break up with her. 
We're howling at Shawn Mendes in the gym rn 
I would have such a weird tan line.
Is it weird to say i live for this face?!?
So much fun Really enjoyed the 
First question my dad asks when he picks me up "so did you pull? That's the main thing!" 
Excitement levels for DVD release day?! 
some people search for drama to create but it’s okay, maybe one day they’ll grow up
Incredible memories of racing and traveling with this crew. Plus, super curved brims and baggy jeans. 
"But you were compliant with the SSA's request to get the book off the shelves within 5 days ... You sold out!" 
Its Thanksgiving Eve&Im returning to my comedic roots by detailing how to make yours as unproblematic as possible 
Why is there no picture of Zlatan Ibrahimovic on the wall at Manchester United? Just wait for his answer. 
Nanny's becoming quite the photographer 
Absolutely phenomenal goalkeeping in the Sunderland v Millwall game today! 
Is it normal to get goosebumps and cry when you hear your favorite artists voice? Cause I’m forever crying to 
I usually sing to my boys because it helps them go to sleep, well when I was putting Finn to bed last night I accidentally wrote a Christmas Lullaby... it could rival Silent Night I think 
Happy Halloween from Cookie! 
My search history is actually 
 how would that even work...
Wait what? I make "Christian Riddim"? 
Such a fun show with my boyos 
When people think your mad at them, first thing they do is check your page to see if you subliminally dissed them 
Some laugh Ma man 
Nigeria is national conglomerate.....everything jaga jaga
Hahahaha what did you spell incorrectly?? Hmmm??? 
 had such a great night watching you at the Forum! Face is hurting from laughing so much 
Prof Dame Til Wykes concludes her 
I’m so excited for all you lot having your DVD’s ready to go for tonight. Enjoy. Cup of tea/beer/wine. Tissues
Someone’s got some dance moves...I see you 
You've somehow caught me in Alice's exact pose! 
Mom, clearly ready to hang up the phone: “alright well this has been great but I’ve got things to do.”
"See I'm a nasty n*gga" 
 stood up mid game to stop playing and trash talk while his team won 
This thread as evidence for my cherished theory that 
 pink has always been the real MVP
Young Lincoln. Not old man 2010 Lincoln where I’m from 
 as funny as that sounds I think for our younger generation of fans it may be slightly inappropriate! It didn’t tickle either! 
This is amazing. What song will it lip sync next?!
Who did I think I was 
"The nominees for the most tainted men..." -Goldie Hawn 
Hi Aja, poor donnie is really having a rough one huh
Man wveryone is up in arms over the four tet post why are all your panties in a bunch 
"Eat more." 
I’m so freaked out from happiness, you know that feeling, don’t you? 
Robert Van Persie on the torpedo 
Damn Samuel say it ain't so..
Pics I find in my Google Pictures 
Martin be firing PAM UP!!!!!!! But her be nice too... so I’m confused 
‘I like vanilla milkshake because it reminds me of ice cream without the chewing less effort’ 
These victims need some milk 
So proud!! That hair though....
Right!! Lmao for a simple ass tweet 
dah sun yah very bright though 
Aimee is all the goals in this sneak peek from Monday's new episode of 
Love heights can't wait 
I think I’m 
Just changed my car battery! Easier than I thought it would be! 
I feel bad for tht little boy 
Never laughed so much in my life
A wonderful movie memory of childhood from the fabulous 
In case you forget the lyrics! LOL (he says Gucci Gang 51 times including the ad libs) 
Also seen a Yellow-browed today just to grip 
Listening to the songs for my harvest production! God, they're annoying 
Lol dis guy mara
Not ever surprised when something outta nowhere goes wrong bc I'm prepared for it 
Today's look NOT inspired by today's weather. 
Superscoreboard’s Mean Tweets...coming to a screen near you soon 
Summer's over, but the advice is still hot on 
When you're too busy watching 
This chicken was living in a tiny cage before she was rescued. But now she runs the house, and her mom even lets her play on the computer 
Seen in crowd: Young Clemson fan with a double sided poster that says No one gives a HOO"][" about Temple and other side featuring "I have school tomorrow HELP" 
Maybe Melania will "use" it for her platform 
Ha! Thought I could handle the trauma but there were “no survivors” of 
Come to the chariot race! You can see interesting deaths!I love her direct sales pitch 
Thank you both I bet you were sick of seeing us by the end of the afternoon 
“The floor is SouthHall”
Check me out if you missed last nights episode on 
I hope. Let’s hope 
"Ain't Like Me" BTS 
I’ve been looking for this video for years 
Wow how great to see this the stuff between 
Had sushi for the first time in a few years today. It’s growing on me now, 6 out of 10 
Looking forward to seeing old friends today 
Fling di tings !! 
You're Sick Bro 
"He is currently unemployed" 
I’m accepting this as a compliment. Thanks, Joe 
Bahahah omg I’m cracking up right now 
I have no idea what this means but I'm delighted 
You already did talm bout bacon is trash 
@comiclonilove gets them every time.   Hilarious 
 LBJ's spirit keeps him alive. He's probably still telling stories inside. 
Islam Salami, Sacary Bagna! Here's some of our favourite Soccer Saturday moments 
This house would be too quiet without Sasha, kid cracks me up 
Big Shaq is proper funny but right now for me i think the joke is on Americans that actually think he is serious 
Don't miss this one...BACK-UP WIFE 
 that air horn is everything! Makes me laugh every time 
Oye that chaiwallah is a lie. And Modi had done zilch to promote tea. 
Last one I promise 
Don’t look in the rear view mirror 
 sup Benny blanco from da Bronx! 
You know when you're on the lucozade by 9:30am it was a rough night 
One of the most ridiculously funny fun shows I've ever been part of 
Last fight bro had was a Rock Paper Scissors match 
Why do people ask so many questions?!?! 
 I am something...I have furry ears with a cute nose. What am I? 
Just add that balsamic vinegar 
hehe jim carrey i love you 
This was so much fun! Still can’t believe 
I wasn’t really a complete MMA fghter if that makes sense. I threw two kicks the entire time. Cormier was an awesome experience. I hit him once and then he took me to the ground. And that was that 
 officially the funniest man in Sports TV 
Sorry I’m not Ronaldo but you’ve got me !! 
Letter received this morning from male we sent to prison for drug supply, seems we have upset a few people 
Idk hats going on but I'm crying 
Pete is not only responsible for the TWO dumbest play-calls in primetime NFL history, he just threw away his second timeout on a challenge he CAN’T win to appease the crowd. 
Islington second from bottom! Wankers 
2 Types Of Niggas In This World 
This is the best video I have ever seen 
I'VE NEVER FELT THIS UNCOMFORTABLE IN MY LIFE! 
4k after the bomb goes off? Why not! 
The dance I do when I'm at the top of the leaderboard 
You are NUTS!!! LOL Thanks for the shout out wit yo crazy self! 
Don’t ever leave your phone unattended in 
Kombucha on tap? Acai!  This could not be more spot on! 
And no one guessed the score 
"until 15.9. beer for 0,7€ we run out of money" 
Good Vibes In Training 
Keep your head in the clouds... or even above them in 
Apologies for Molly’s piercing bark 
CJ did this! Yummy veggies on a final Friday-Halbig on salt run
 has a great energy live. When he said Pamela was in the room, I genuinely peeked around to see if Pamela Anderson was in sight 
Wowwww. Did this nigga just lie about having no more smokes after he just took a drag? 
For the love of god meeeeee!
When someone asks if we want decaf 
No shame at all singing 'An Spailpín Fanach' to my examiner today 
I love singing in the car with xeamyers 
Great to see Justin Bieber helping out with the security and safety at the fire works over the weekend 
Dusty's own unique version of river dancing 
I love laying paving when it's wet and miserable..said no one ever! 
He's passed the 20K mark!! 21743 patches as of today. To think we were hoping for 100 
Lol I remember those days 
Our Final Newbie this week is 
'I see dead parsnips..' Another brilliant advert from Aldi UK and the adventures of Kevin 
The best thing you’ll watch this year..Beats all Christmas adverts 
Big Papi wanted in on the celebration 
Good morning beautiful people.. On today's show we learn about the time Usher brought Stevie Wonder to a movie premiere 
 I'll make sure I will 
Shooting spot fun...
See Famzing!!!! 
If - Davido (Ogene Version)Tag your Igbo friends & make their day 
mom's of t1's, we REALLY appreciate you -but this is totally you
I just got ID'd in a pub in London 
Hands down, one of the best callers we've ever had! 
Thanks. Great to meet you too. Always leave the customer wanting more 
I needed 45 copies of this to put in my safe deposit box
It's SHOWTIME darling!RT if this is you every B&M shop 
Mine has built Lego, does that count? 
This shit is tooo funny 
The front nose shove though 
After Nova I should start charging by the pound.....But I’m too nice and I still want y’all in my yard 
Ant and Dec are different level 
WINNER: Tweet of the day. 
It's peak because all I could think about before going into my exam was 
JuJu and Le'Veon reenacted the A.J. Green and Jalen Ramsey scuffle as a touchdown celebration 
Have you seen this TV show called 
When people ask who trained me, I’m proud to say it’s 
Yooo I thought Tampa Bay was supposed to be good? 
Haven't laughed this hard at an episode of 
Remember, this guy is the most expensive footballer on the planet 
I’m saying the society likes Bella i don’t care about her 
Welcome to Ginta, our newest warehouse recruit, modelling one of our giant Klondyke Garden Centre Christmas bags! 
The BCH pump in the past few days is super impressive. I should have kept my BCH!
Wow.. your achievements for our Country are truly remarkable! Keep up the great work! You deserve a new hat 
So the tricycles are a tad more difficult than we thought! 
All very busy in the kitchen this morning! 
But like... do you even bro? 
Loving curb your enthusiasm can’t believe only now really getting into it just finished the 1 where Richards bird has a peanut allergy 
And that is why my Noles will forever be the best. The U who smh trash 
Not sure if making new music or playing Tetris? 
Giving y'all a recap of how my Sunday is going..
This is actually the funniest thing I've heard since they where born 
I have since learned who techno Viking is 
Certain people would never be able to understand or relate! 
"Amir, how's your Kazakh?""Oh, same as it's always been... borderline non-existent." 
I have to say though if someone approaches me dressed as a clown we’re gonna fight... 
There's still another leg after this haha 
So, he joins Trump, wife files for divorce then gets fired like a week later!!!???
What happens in dressing room 302 between shows!! Dead 
When you can’t afford a cool costume so you just go as a 
TBH, this is pretty much any day.  
Emmanuel is my favorite person on Wild ‘n Out! 
 I'm crineeeeee ! 
This thread is hilarious. For anyone who has ever had to search through stock photos. 
HORRIFIC!The WORST Elite One Monthly rewards EVER are live now! Trust me, you don’t want to miss this! 
Loool I love a triggered Arsenal. Keown & Parlour are both legends 
 last run of the season!!!
Dad! You’re on TV! Dad! 
Crackers not happy.... Surely they can't take another one off you?!
 girl I know because, same! 
There’s always that ONE person in the room 
Good to be back in a wig cap 
Funniest guy in pro football 
Honestly if my computer really DOES watch me through the camera, Apple just saw my ass rapping 
You should start mentally reharsing too 
 Love it!!!
Go on Chorley. Just seen u rioting 
Been tryna tell people this for years 
Coming to you *live* from the New Orleans today. I’m ready.  
Saw the video People looked at each other after he finished talking
Boom in shot! Acting allrounders!
This is going to be jokes!!! You ain't ready! 
HILARIOUS!!! 
I got roasted once again! My response will be ready and out Tuesday! Banger on the way 
Please can somebody send Matt something better than gel filled pants?! 
Cracking day... but crashed and burned against some serious players! 
i’ll scream “niggas ain’t shit” all while having a bf that loves me & treats me like gold, idc. it just don’t apply to him. 
Get that "No Limit" Tri Trappa Trappa Bootleg on 
Enjoyed trying to get this frase right but unfortunately I wasn’t very successful at it!
 ........... Best interview on a race course all year. 
Someone get me some earplugs! 
My smell.... which you have now ruined by calling it Saussage!! 
So what's the chances of a part in number 3 then 
I've no idea why that tweeted the same pic twice 
Retweeted KIRO 7 Brooke (
If ever I’m having a bad day I’m going to get spray tan with 
So, about last night 
I'm sorry, but that's hilarious!! 
 Hahaha just send up the check B!
How you just gona type "No" and not even add a "LOL" 
Those kind of days where the ONLY remedy is to drink a carafe of coffee and eat something delicious to cheer you up, we are here to help!! 
Me & my daughter cryin laughin love this show 
 Tony Hadley spying Jorgie Porter and buzzing in rapid 
Can’t wait for my besties engagement party tomorrow 
Leatherhead after beating Billericay Town 3-2 
 Dying today with Jeff’s dog discussion!  M/F, What’s the difference?  One lifts its leg and one squats. 
 I've just spent ages reading gross facts about 
I'm still laughing about fingerlings 
At the same damn time!!! 
Sometimes I just look on my timeline and think..... what happened to you! 
I can't even express how excited I am for 
Takes after her mother!!
Last few days to catch Of Kith and Kin 
New favorite GIF! 
convo with my 13 yo. I assume SHOOK is a good thing. 
Long time no see uncle snoopdogg Thanx for playing with a playa today 
Overheard things in Dalston ...’I haven’t showered since Tuesday, I haven’t had time’ .... yo dude 
You gotta love him 
"Was Miley Cyrus naked on the wrecking ball" -my nana 
It's really dad proof 
Meanwhile at Taste of UIC today 
lol better fall back YBN.  U  can't even cross the FLA border. JacknKill & Warlando? 
'The jungle better watch out there's a new king in town and it's amir king khan' 
Hannah is volunteering at Mission HQ in December and has found the perfect footwear! 
Kevin Hart vs Usain Bolt in an ice bath challenge goes exactly how you'd expect 
oh my GOD THIS COSTUME!!!
Well done to Sunderland, you say 6 in a row. How about 20 in a row without a win at home. Only team in English history I believe
Just seen a tweet from the M E N about fans of 
Fuck it, I don’t win at life but maybe I’ll win this 
Trying my Santa suit on ready for the Jingle jog tomorrow it’s huge 
Sometimes beach photoshoots aren't all glam--pretty sure something weird brushed up against my… 
Get ready for some side-splitting NSFW humor. 
MY G ... You know I did the fur ting almost 2 year ago .. 
Regman with a side sweep like his father!! 
 have a good week Alan. Hope you’re well xx
The Irish outside a Victoria's Secret shop in Copenhagen....classic!!! 
Wind swept, rain lashed, huge 4G pitch, Flexi league 
Plz RT this...!my friend's twitter ID has been taken-over by Jay-Z TIDAL!!! 
52 home runs by a rookie. What the fuck do u want from him? 
OMG amazing!!! 
I put a fake Halloween hand in my sleeve and told him “high five” 
 David Alan Grier is so underappreciated
Sleeping schedule officially RIP. Goodnight 
 Hillary’s First 100 Days
It's like a bad naff brekkie show 'They're famous, it'll work' 
javele mcgee looks like he got stuck in the 
Looking serene... Moments before the wind blew my skirt up 
Richie Woodall has to be smoking crack or something before he commentates! He makes zero sense and always calls the scorecards wrong 
The ending .. omg 
Golf can give you so much joy & make you want to punch yourself in the head, all in one day 
Prince Charmin!!!!! Show em that you’re handsome!! 
 Are U fyn? This  is a joke 
A bad moms Christmas was hilarious! Highly recommend for some belly giggles 
Before we both fell through a gap in the stage 
And look what I leave behind for the Celts on my way out #1 pick
Can barely see her, but Rita is on the thumb.
We were testing the ground firsts 
I don't know. I think it's bs to disqualify 
I'm laughing in Japanese
I’m a Day late, but better late than never right 
Heck ya! Don't have to use Subway Gift Cards anymore 
The end of hip hop/rap as we know it. Got better rappers/mc’s over here anyway. AND it’s a smaller country. So yeah leave them there innit 
I copied and pasted the link and it looks like his website and a half 
"He slapped me around the head and said Craig Bellamy's been talking about you..." 
As if i wasn’t already going to be a wreck tomorrow night 
Just spent 5 minutes in the elevator tryna leave the hotel then I realised my rooms on the ground floor 
Alison Hammond talking about Vaseline and chafing on 
Noel G isn’t the only one with a skilled Scissors Player in his band 
Harry Kane has gone from "goal scoring crisis." to "too good for spurs." in the space of a fortnight. Gotta love our press. 
Clips- I should tap this nigga Suge pocketsGoodz- Chill that might get uncomfortable Clips- Why what u think is in there?Goodz- A box of fish sticks, a dollar worth of cheese, his keys, and a lunchable 
Crazy When U Find Out How To Actually Spell A Word I Be Misspelling A Lot Of Shit My Whole Life Fuck It 
This is what playing vs a 6'6" player feels like in Echo Arena 
Yay -Can't wait for the Christmas one 
In private I run my business in a bit of a Bernard Black way (bit more organised...) but don't tell anybody! 
The Panama ball boy did what he had to do to get his country to the World Cup last night... 
 reading random, mildly inappropriate Wikipedia pages would be a great weekly bit on 
Tonight?! We were reunited this morning for shootaround! Don't miss that pregame conversation 
About to take my 16 year d sister through her first gym session 
Get bored waiting for the DMRead a scroll of word of recall & teleport to the 
Rookie Eli Apple's mom was excited for her son's first day at kindergar...err Giants OTAs 
Startin off the mornin with a bang... 
“It’s always tea time.” - The Mad Hatter…& 
 Bodied Jeff and Eric on the AKA's 
“You’ve had your eyebrows microbladed and now you’ve had your lips done, what next a boob job” I think I’ll pass on a boob job thanks mum
My reaction when somebody says Tom Brady isn't the GOAT... 
Young Gizzle in the cut with the braids, the beads, and the two piece like what. 
When Del and Rodney save a little lad from running across the road
Is your barber really a barber if he doesn’t answer the phone at least once while trimming you 
When Emily blocks the toilet 2 times in one week
Big Baller Brand came up small 
Look, I'm a GIF! 
Lol. You can make pop music jokes to me when you know who Harry Styles is 
Girls you know when you have a fresh wax it has to be appreciated 
Hello...it’s me...quoting 
Look who turned up to see Jez and Billy 
When you singing "Mary Did You Know" all day every day 
Guy on the plane must have got a laugh at my head falling every time I dozed off to sleep for an entire hour 
Friend is over for a sleepover with the twins and she asks, "Can you homeschool me tomorrow? I wanna know what it's like." 
You bored Tom ? 
Did you end up buying accessories for the bear? 
At first I was like WTF?! same as the audience and then cracked up because you can hear all the male adults' childhoods shattering 
Bless her that's very good of her! Should be a great game. Wrap up warm it gets cold up here in December 
By the way my k7 is for sale at £11,350 if anyone wants a 'modern classic'.. 
Crimbo! Damn new phone not recognising Crimbo...why oh why! 
Lads, if there was ever an opportunity to use the 
Do you know there’s an update to your phone? 
Me, teaching Annie the good riffs. 
Told the guard about an abandoned bag on the train but then I've just moved carriages! Gotta do the right thing but also gotta be somewhere
"Tired as hell, Coach" 
Yeah my mums a LEGEND!!!!! 
Yo Embiid funny as shit wit that flop 
Ref looked at me during my scrimmage tonight and said "son you're still playing?! Feel like I've reffed your games for 20 years" hahahaha 
 I can’t watch Christy on the Late late I’m howling 
Art tests. I understand why they exist but dang that doesn't make them any less exhausting. Another one down. 
The 40 a day Cola Lifestyle Vid’s still filing up our Instagram inbox 
Happy birthday to the young lady that stole my face 
I can't stop laughing at this interview 
Got the band together for tonight's home visit! 
We're live at ten telling your 
 had the best post game interview, had the announcers dying
Yet delusional people still say Booker is overrated 
I haven’t yet - I haven’t read anything this year other than briefing notes 
What the hell did we look like ? 
Bears fan is livid when they trade up for Trubisky 
Picked out of the crowd to play rocket league on the 
Love & respect to all the people who've been religiously typing into google, "What is the meaning of Galway" 
I'm sober now.... so it was all your fault 
Somehow managed to lose a fiver to 
This lunch for you is ready. I have never met anyone so clever with words. I mean you just said how you feel and I'm in my sapio feelings 
30 In 2 hours, down a corridor with an induction hob 
you two need to jump on the ring real soon...but rum 2-1 tho!
Michael Owen's Dubai promo video is the only video you need to watch tonight.. 
Flashback to Xgames 2013. When U have a crew but no passes. But one in ur crew is like a hacker. 
This is not a strong look....
We cannot get enough of that giggle at 0:06 
This is absolute Class!! I fooking love all 3 of these legends!! 
Why you got your gloves on for a photo 
Oh yes when you’ve now got 280 characters to play with when writing your rants 
Kentucky commit Tyler Herro earned all 42points tonight. 69-63 intense Whitnall win vs Milwaukee Destiny. 
Nothing says it’s almost Christmas like watching a group of celebs suffering in the jungle 
Thanks, guys! We may be bad at quizzes but we're good elsewhere 
Double bag it, taxi five miles away and hide it in a public bin (ideally under other rubbish), whilst wearing gloves. I'm not some sort of novice! 
My album Night Gallery is out today! Feeling emotional right now 
 would probably sell more copies with the pic of me 
What pics did Gabrielja take on her marine life wish? Shellfies 
This is brilliant from Sandro Schmitter! We think 
I can't explain how tired, hungry & bored you get doing Tv liners for countries around the world whilst on a video shoot in the heat on Malibu beach! 
Throwback to former Middlesborough player Mido attempting the crossbar challenge
AND IT RHYMES!! 
Our 2nd favorite S.Point 
Errrr Thanks kwicky... 
That shot in a test match 
Tbh I'm watching 
He’s had rice, cheese and mayonnaise with me numerous times now 
Jane Krokowski also robbed of an Emmy for this scene alone: 
I actually first thought you were the one riding it 
I've put my Christmas tree up today and it took me ages to decorate!! Hope it holds out until January!! 
 thanks Deb I do love a long bomb. Girls have done great though! 
How much??
Ah ha ha!!!! And the best part it’s all caught on tape. 
Thank goodness our karts don't have reverse 
“Damn, that’s bleak as hell, baby” 
3 of us have done our ankles now 
Another rocker on stage!!! 
You're not at Rockpool with Fitzy 
In honor of this Blue Friday, a few pics of my little 12 from last night. He painted (okay, his parents helped 
You are the perfect student. Long let it continue. I guarantee you’ll be sick of hearing me talk in just a few days let alone months... 
Thanks for the confirmation.....yes it's the real deal! "a note to a certain doubter" 
Guys bust joke and grab their friends 'guns' & we're very comfortable being half naked around each other. But what else dyu want us to compliment? The idea of just casually sitting with your willy out and/or complimenting the size of a next mans' isn't remotely normal. 
Caught between Allah and a departing Train, what is a good Muslim supposed to do? Pray or Panic 
Doesn't everyone sing "Lady in Red" when buiding 
LIVE FOOTAGE of me trying to understand all these mixed signals. 
All the Northern Irish accents you could wish for + Chris Hadfield 
Something to make you giggle on a Sunday morning! 
How to prank a referee - Keep going to the back of the line.
So perfect! A Chrome browser extension that converts Trumps tweets to kids font 
Someone's not happy they turned into a mountain goat! 
You guys, me and a Cheetah! It was real you guys
"What did you bring for me?" ...in a conversation with someone 'not close', is remotely as awkward as "dear" sounds in the mouth. 
This is about as close as I get to a motorsport action shot these days 
It’s just like Disney 
Great look you’ve got there Tom! Don’t tell me it’s another restaurant 
Adding responsive dead body movement was possibly the greatest thing over created 
How fridays having  you at the end of day going home!!! 
So this happened yesterday... Very surreal day. 
Do you know how long I've been waiting for the tickets?! I'm coming! 
We can confirm this was the actual dish you served and was delicious !...
Photo bombed by the legend that is 10 times Dakar Simon Pavey! 
Catch us in #98 of the legendary Straight No Chaser mag, giving the low down on our favourite artists in the most Amy and Selassie way ever
The Tonight Show Superlatives for the 2017 Stanley Cup Finals. These are hilarious 
"You got a handwarmer and it's 80 degrees...""And you got three pairs of socks on...""Bro chill I'm in my bag
Never one to shy away from a outdoors naked Shower 
WORK ALL DAY TOMORROW with 
Good morning beautiful people... Here's a story about Troy Polamalu ruining my life 
Doesn't really count with stolen posts though does it 
Oi this Ghost Rider Kush is doing biiiiiiiits 
Uh... Scott? 
Lovely evening for 9 holes 
When your best pal gets into a relationship but you're not willing enough to let them go
This remix is so good it's got me swearing (in my head) 
That means urrrr body fuck wit you cause you doing good 
This will never get old 
The face you make when you know the damage you can do but it’s not worth it 
Striking out on all these Off-White’s! 
Now that we hear it on stage, we’re pretty blown away by that 
Printing day round 2! The post office is gonna hate me when I ship 130 packages next week 
im able to use them as like, stickers. but thats not what i paid $2 for 
Then autocorrect does not like Steve's bank 
He’s a Douche Lord 
Gotta be smoother in the transition 
I just wanna know why some white people feel the need to do the absolute most in photos when they're around black people. We just be wanting to take normal pictures and y'all are out here looking dumb as hell
 - great outfits and costumes in class 5! Dressing up as mummies seemed like a good idea at the time! 
Dom mispronouncing EMMERSON MNANGAGWA is too funny!! 
His car is worth how much?!?! 
My own live human mic stand 
The magic word is “please.” 
Can we all just agree that this has been one helluva week?!? 
Teaching my mom how to take pictures 
 imagine after all that he doesn't have a johnny and they won't do anything without one 
One player who won't be in the 
wisdom teeth pink kylie lip kit on sale now
That moment when they catch you running away from training 
 This sounds so personal.
How annoying is it when people try to act intelligent by talking about a subject and you just sit and think...shut up...you don’t know what you’re taking about mum 
Yo Twin...Tiger is on the run, hope your little legs can keep up! 
don't say you're a real dj unless you know what 
Such good advice... wine and new shoes always a good idea 
someone in welly told me i look like meghan markle & its probably the best compliment i've ever recieved tbh
Bemmie Yogal entertaining a crowd this afternoon! 
Who knew naming a dog was so difficult..? 
Pt 2 Yall This Nigga 
One of the best prizes won to date - perfect timing too (I just broke my mug 
The 'Woof Tang Clan' are getting sued 
Interesting exhaust config on the KRT bikes at the Jerez test.... almost ZX7R like, leaves 2 pipes for big distance before going into 1. Should try two links all way to can like factory zx7's 
Retweet to make an Apple lover's day 
I have watched it every year and will do so for as long a possible (my kids hate it as it’s old 
This is fantastic news for my sister buying for the first time near Cambridge! She was facing a horrendous amount of stamp duty, and now her responses are "NOOOO WAAAAYYYYYYYY" 
“Juuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu Juuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu” 
If I were you, I wouldn’t throughout December 1 cos I know I’ll eat unlimitedly on December 2 at the Kanu Ndubuisi Park! 
We literally do this everyday for Track warmups it is nothing significant 
aaahh the good ol' Metrolink
 tweets be motivating me throughout my entire day and be getting me through practice lmao 
The little family as South Park characters
Unsure what is funnier: the caption OR 
Happy bass drum taking in the scorching Rome sun 
Best video idea ever?! 
Mortuary for Nigeria is like credit transfer joint in Ghana 
Ever wondered about those tin things which wrap around trees? So have Tim Broomhead + 
I’ll be just fine if I never eat kale again. Better off, even. 
HAHAHA!! A HUEVO!!Yup... us 
This should get song and video of the year! 
New music! Out now on 
He thought nobody could see 
Aw, I thought Amir came across quite endearing here. Man pulled a jungle python out 
Are you callin me a liar??? Well, I ain’t callin you a truther! 
Best part about getting Pick 12: it’s Port’s pick, that would’ve been lower if Shuey hadn’t kicked that after the siren goal 
Last day of training feeling my fancy in my special 
MIKE DEAN LOVES DARUDE 
If you gotta tell lies on social media or YouTube for clout, in my eyes your nothing but a geezer straight up 
Kevin Durant was not feeling this Peyton Manning joke AT ALL 
Make sure u get following teambathnetball_ on insta now! Even more so if u want to see the quick fire round with imo and Tash! 
idk why im laughing so hard 
And the other dude saying 'babe'...but he ain't gonna win either way 
Why the ref slither across the screen LMAO 
 wicked tune this my heels are alight 
That guy was so confident that he had won the argument 
Stop looking at the ball Daniel! 
TAG SOMEONE THAT MAKES YOU LAUGH THIS HARD
My absolute pleasure. I inadvertently wore it on the school run this morning and got called out on it. 
whatever future jungle is go sit your ass down ffs 
Lol Enkosi Spha unicorn hahaha 
So last night, 
Tag your siblings.... chai! Growing up was hell!!! 
Yup. I've watched it twice 
Always hella jokes when our boy 
I’ll do that on Tuesday I’ve got an appointment at 11 with him 
 Not quite as bad as Jonny May but not far off...
"How you gonna do that hockey?"
 fav actor AND musician both get outed as sex fiends in a fortnight
"My smartphone is broken. Every time I use the home button, I find I'm still with people I hate" - 
Never seen a camera guy get juked this hard 
I could send eight more photos of my cat but people already think I'm a bit strange 
Very few people know the truth to this slide. 
Goals in the Champions League 2017/18 Oxlade-Chamberlain: 1Arsenal: 0
A toddler in a room with paint is never going to end well! 
My hot co-star who can switch from butty to pako in 5 seconds. 
Whenever we play Side Piece by 
We’ve officially turned on the heat and whipped out the down comforter like winter is upon us 
Bruhhh one of my friends responded back to my text "ROFL" now when's the last time you seen a text like  that
If rico nasty hits my jay at the concert I’m putting it out, putting it in a glass box, n putting it on the shelf above my bed 
looks like Bane is working at 
Young Simba....can’t complain 
Why thank you kind sir! 
We will keep in contact, biggest lie ever told when leaving school 
They on here thinking Charles Manson is Marilyn Manson. 
Currently grading the tallest infographic ever! My 
All he do is burn you and don't even make sure you straight bitch you is dating a perm 
Hanzi “ I’m at the march with my wife and small house walking next to each other because today we put factions aside” 
This is a more accurate reflection of me when I first wake up 
Just for fun! Our movie is: Dawn of the Rainbow Witches  
I havent quit laughing for 30 minutes now 
Big win tonight! Well done my roomy 
 I’ll be there soon, got half marathon next week then 
funnyboneofficial is AMALA in Watts Camera Action's hilarious 
I drew this a while back. Noot noot. 
A genuine thanks to all those who have supported 
My special Request. 
Some of the fakest people tweet the most amazing quotes that they themselves don’t even live by 
Lyon was great! The security nearly kicked us out for smokin weed so we started smoking under table 
An old wifey in Forres garden centre cafe just tapped me on the arm and said “excuse me son, is it cold up there? There’s snow forecast for later, it’ll certainly be hitting you before it hits me!”
When Gabe wants to help you out before the mmr reset 
 nice one! Happy Thanksgiving to all my American friends! 
... What an ironic user name... Literally the least 'fun' feed I have ever seen 
Recognise this?If you do, you’re as old as dirt 
SPOTTED: Man vs Poncho at 
DAMN I CRACKED UP SO BAD WHILE LISTENING TO THIS
No way!! 
Imagine waking up and seeing your mate from school doing this 
As a researcher studying the societal impact of algorithms, I did a double take on reading this headline, then checked to see if I’m asleep. 
Ffs I forgot to register for the events and now they're all full ! 
Thanks for the get well wishes 
Good stuff mate hope there’s plenty of it too it’s a long season 
He’s over here becoming famous for being wrong
Thats my excuse for missing lectures 
When someone says "we're out of wine" 
Do you think I’m eating something 
QUEEN OF MULTIPLYING THE MULTIPLE GALAXIES THAT YOU MULTIPLIED AND IN THE FUTURE WILL MULTIPLY 
Player of the month for October is Kevin De Bruyne 
Still pretty chuffed I managed to wield a hammer at 
And I really DO mean “below the belt” - 
Duke fans soooo salty 
Fabulous and Funny....
Never celebrate until the river is dealt 
Bruh that last pic tho
D a t e  N i g h t 
Calvins 1st day at primary school, Jessica asked him 'why you dressed like Mr Bean?' 
Correction, goals scored by Laurie, Caryn and Molly! Not Holly! 
 I'm not even sorry for laughing
Since I didn’t tour on either ‘Hours Spent Loving You’ or ‘The Everlasting Wave’I’ll be touring on those two AND 
Come on mate, don't take it personally 
Book 15: I'm Judging You, The Do-Better Manual by 
Sperm age isn't a thing... or is it?! 
When you’re dating someone who you thought was faithful but then you catch them... watching an episode of your favourite show without you!! THE BETRAYAL!! 
// the whole tweet was just an ultimate troll. There has been ppvs in the U.K. After 92 also 
I guess my name is GUEST this week... 
Behind the scenes: The 
I’m having such a relaxing holiday at the minute... 
 It’s perfect Terry!!
It's all in the genes. 
Not quite 3 points. The experience was that good though 
Ended up top 100 on the ladder!! Ggs to anyone who got smoked by me lmao
I only open my door if I want to see you. I'm the number one hater of unannounced guests/balendo. OMW!! It's so bad. Text/Call/etc always 
Well makes a change from pocketing the toiletries. 
I will literally cry if I dont get tickets to 
The drive into Stockport giving me memories of 5am wake up for Wembley after the end of season party 
I guess I lost my mind... 
 Craig Pollock was definitely the winner of 'best technique' in the Limbo 
Wait... Whose birthday is it again? 
New trend in Zed Rap...heads are signing kids, latest one is called "Rap Saviour" 
Thinking about that legends old firm game last Sunday getting the ball off Gordon Durie and passing to 
Wanted a breather from college work so decided to start reading your book and I’m already laughing “probably cause mam feeds him Big Mac meals!” 
 Claudio Gino ginelli wants feedback on his electro house dubstep driven trap house progressive banger 
Took him from half to the free throw line 
really hoping one of our founders will call their $25M round a pre-Series A 
Tony Romo made a joke about Deion Sanders’ poor tackling today. So Deion got Romo back by absolutely roasting him on the NFL Network. 
It's no Lads of the Ring 
Absolutely had us howling with laughter! Amazing act, loved it - absolutely buzzing 
Can’t help but sit watching 
big love to you! Xx
Next joke, next joke: I bought my mum Mary Berry's cookbook for Christmas, I tried to get Paul Hollywood's but he'd sold out 
“I try to write about the things people don’t talk about. When you write in the first person, you’re saying all the ugly things people say in their heads but not out loud.” 
WWE fans to reaction to Roman Reigns number 30 spot 
These busses out here don't care I swear they be trying to hit me 
Aw this got even better. Amazing. 
Well, Peter is the best. Will be one hell of a Slovakian party tonight. 
Well if Doc gets thrown out tonight, you know why. 
Happy 18th birthday to my guy 
Keys and phone in the fridge can only mean one thing....the boss is back!!!! 
You… made a Trump hat… featuring… an orange ghoul? 
More like we're sore 
Soaked today but glad to have a shower
Someone gotta do one of those “new year new me” memes “leaving the negativity and heartache behind” 
LOL thanks to the fam who clipped my victory though. I don't think I've ever looked so happy while beating something in game before 
 The queen of recaps! JUSTICE LEAGUE! I’m in the grocery parking lot in my car not missing a moment!! 
The Cubs and Diamondbacks bullpen had a dance off during a rain delay 
I could slow the game down a bit. 
Did they get Richard Jefferson too? 
Haha, that was meant to say "disco set", not "I play a disco" 
Offensive lineman don't score touchdowns, but if 
You know those running dreams where you can barely move? I've started having running dreams where I'm running fluently 
Jesus Christ... Watching Rebekah do this is making me gag!!! But she smashed that- she is one tough cookie but is it just me who thinks she's a bit too sassy with ant and Dec?!! 
Thanks big dog!! That hashtag though 
Ophelia? Schmophelia......got a few leaves lying around. Just a bit of a breeze to us Govags 
Hi Kath we saw the big man this afternoon going down the A1 on a motorbike I kid you not we did a double take 
Why that man playing with us like that 
As we slip down a parliamentary process rabbit hole-fun fact: a charge of contempt *could* see DD locked up halfway up Big Ben clock tower 
 all part of the journey mate.
Get around it! Profits going to 
100% bomb! What a beaut! 
Whys he holding a bottle of coke
Am I the only one that never checks my 
Well, our thoughts exactly… 
Btw, this stuff is for a special Thanksgiving edition Hoop Collective pod we’re releasing tomorrow - which totally explains why we’ve decorated with pics of 
He replaced  the wife with a village wife.. LOLBACK-UP WIFE 
While we're on about fine crime books, here's what I thought of 
ATTENTION: Somebody NOT named Jason Zucker has scored a goal for the Minnesota Wild. 
Horsham FC player misses open goal, then drinks a pint in the crowd. 
This rondo went incredibly well - and James Milner was keen to rub it in 
Asked my dad to pick me up from the club, but I was hiding in my room. CAN'T BREATHE 
I can’t handle this anymore 
Tonight feels like a drake and drive kinda night 
 Nolly wood actor days
Overheard a lassie on the train ‘I really like him, I just wish he’d stop wearing superdry’ 
Self taping be like....
 I got a better chance 
First day of practice be like 
Just an amazing couple days playing true Links golf, thanks to 
Ok everyone on Instagram is saying we should be the band for 
Bad times when a 13 year comments: “how can you be a professional footballer and drive a peugeot and have an iphone 4” 
2017 Grand Slam of Darts Champion....but when you gotta go, you gotta go! 
 love the part when it hits him...but he cant confront her and has to play it off like all is okay
Well since Rocky tweeted it. Here’s how out of shape I’ve gotten. 
I’m catchin fkn ppl who supported self-admitting abusers a month ago goin “damn if u lik this guy then fuk u!!!” Lmao 
O am not drinking Guinness no matter what the top of the pint says 
I think anyone reading this knows what you want to do 
Great weekend of jumps learning at Euro jumps hurdles convention. Thanks 
When you teach GT kids sometimes things like this happen... We did a lesson on rubber ducks & ocean currents. This student not only taped up duck accessories on my wall today, but also named every duck. This is days after the activity by the way. 
Genius! & now we know 
You remember MOTD right Bush, its that program on BBC 1 where the highlights are shown.....I know it’s been a while 
So many GORGE performances in Big Fish last night. Didn’t quite manage to articulate that here- but my impression of the lady behind me is SPOT ON 
Filmed Ruby in the car on the way to 
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA I LOVE YOU FOR THIS 
Thanks Shanghai for the very early morning welcome! 
Caleb just panicked and introduced himself as “Matt”... what? 
No caption needed for this one 
Finally hit legend with aggro Druid. Am so happy rn. Can finally fuck off in wild with Remo priest 
 How to get 4th graders excited! Shoutout the 
Looks like I should take up football predictions 2-2 
THIS DOGS REACTION HAS ME DYING 
Some things never change 
The war of Wizkid and Davido is over Below is the reason why 
Our production team hung up a picture of 
Please RT if you’ve never read a bigger lie from the Daily Mail than “Jeremy Hunt has earned the respect of doctors, nurses and other medical staff” 
I love round numbers. But I’d love sub-25 and sub-52 more! 
RT colinmeagle patphelan This makes today’s internet for me Pat! 
Tag someone who's day could be saved by Wuntu! 
The thought that a religion started by a 1400 year old desert warlord who hallucinated an angel is real 
On my way! Looking forward to dazzling you all with data! 
Actual fact. I've also done this with a weird summary when I forget the title, but 
This is why you're the best, 
@SamiStorm_5 I guess whenever he asked the nurses for ice cream he asked for mounds of sprinkles on top of it
When you go a little too hard!
This policeman has deffo lost his job 
Becasue what’s uglier than a Xmas sweater??? An Xmas sweater VEST 
Minister Lynne Brown is trying to pull “meandos” on us all. 
Yes. Please, let’s see 
Just in case you are late to the party 
I remember setting money aside for a CRAFT FAIR and spending my whole budget in heck sausages 
Can’t see the tweet mate, it’s been deleted 
Had a bit of a bazaar day but slightly funny in certain aspects. 
Y’all play too much 
'Britain's Manliest Man' 
Who are these people?? 
Anyone else have dreams where someone really fucks you off and you wake up genuinely pissed off at them? 
Nobody wanted it with Big Ben 
 Now this is something I need to see you try 
Last year a stitched art work of the 
 HA!! Yep!
There is no doubt Clemson is great but I am wanting Miami to return to elite team status! I got you coach! 
Sizzla And The Crank Up Team Crazy crazy 
Greatest two minutes twenty seconds of my life 
It was such a nice day to get beating by @efrances03 
I wrote a load of different letters for my boyfriend to open under different circumstances and some presents but he still has some of the letter waiting until the right time to open them
Look at his profile then ask yourself that question again 
As much as I hate man united gotta love Jesse lingard celebration 
What a journey it has been to dance on this show and hopefully break some perceptions!Now they need to find someone who keeps their bum in!
This guy is always up to something... itstasc1 
 Aw great memories as Elf Toot Toot! Hope you ladies are all well 
The school trip couldn't get any worse...until little Declan darted over to the brook and dunked one of his peers into the trickling water. Diligently, the teacher referred to her risk assessment! 
So my mum is off to a 'famous sportsmen' themed fancy dress tonight. Reckon she's nailed it
The look you have when they’re talkin crazy but you know they’re not built like that. 
I can almost 100% guarantee I'll lose the key
Throwback to the best video of 2013... We all remember this! 
Fsake it's like a scene from 
 my little bro max happy to get 
Who’s Manns?! 
Finding that out right now has made me laugh more than ever 
When Jeff Corwin sends you an invite to 
The only reason I'm sharing this video is because it shows us the speed and power of social media. It's educational. Really, it is. 
What y'all think? 
Should have been 'soon' not' zoo 
This dude can’t even put his real name on his twitter profile and is tweeting out how D1 football players in the Pac12 are soft
I just seen someone absolutely finesse the on site drugs test...Imagine he got his boy to come up at break piss in a bottle, he microwaved it for 10 seconds before the test and used it and passed 
This is more funnier because of the end result 
Want to see more fun stuff from the 
Just got back to LA... Been gone 2 days and it's feels like 2 years 
This happened spontaneously and made us laugh all night! 
Phew! Only a 2 for me on the psychopath test . . . however I’m a little concerned at PJ’s 13! 
He's lord!! 
Mate the amount of 14 year olds that absolutely towered over me was ridiculous 
Two dudes one controller w 
Aw! Lol we had too much fun this morning. Thanks for dealing with my crazy self Lyndsay! 
My Bruh, What world this is...I yelled at the very last second of this video
Overheard No.6 Bus: 'Aye, I know he was on the heavies, but that's no excuse for me to find him passed out in my car boot this morning' 
This is the best thing you will see this weekend. 
Can you imagine what would happen to arguments if 
Never thought we'd see the day where Zim holds a Selfie Stick, but here we are...
But he confessed in a letter he did it what is wrong with you 
“Lights, camera, BORK!” - Fred 
I couldn’t help myself! This sweatshirt is classic... had to represent 
Ref must Ref in the hood on the weekends 
How nice of this young man to teach the police something new... pfffff 
Peter Kay to Ryan Tubridy: "I can see the fear in your eyes" 
Don't forget the sunscreen? Can't be too careful  Harf
My niece Soph doing her best 
You and your pals at YMO tomorrow 
Then Harvey tried to beat his brother - whilst wearing the Pogba mask! 
Changing dirty nappies at half time 
I look quite demure, but actually a bit of wee came out having 
Splits, limbo, impersonations and lots of 
Oh wow...This is hilarious..but not 
Amir Khan did well didn't he 
Marcel give it a rest mate! No one cares 
My mate Ranjit.!! 
Didn’t have any pumpkins left in Asda so had to use an aubergine instead 
Mike Parry’s trending... it’s time for this..
"I'm in charge of a multi million pound corporation" nah you're a manager at McDonald's 
Am tom tom with the fresh
Not that good day but at least we got a Superman 
Ain't this the truth!!?  
Had to do it 1 last time 
here you go, it can't be bought you need to earn it!
I’m hoping ‘Angel of the Morph’ will be in the audience tonight! Maybe for a duet! 
It was funny until we realize who fault it it was and who was going to be the one to replace it. 
This video describes my excitement for Christmas 
New specials with extra special names ! Gourds Gone Wild 
Ok I am TERRIBLE with fashion, but even I know Louboutin is not pronounced “LEW BOOTIN” 
Need some final encouragement ahead of it all getting underway?
When I was 24 you lot was calling me 38 we exaggerate a lot in England don’t we 
Loki’s expression after I told him it was possible for me to steal the heat from the fireplace...and that I was currently doing just that 
Technically he can still hit magma core bottom 
Do U NoT uNdErStANd tHe WoRDS ThAt ArE CoMing oUt oF mY mOuTh 
Well that's my evening sorted! 
On the campaign trail today. About 20 radio interviews back to back promoting my 
Cesc Fabregas finally admits he threw a pizza at Sir Alex Ferguson 
Last night leaving the track me & Bibo from Suzuki took a 
Might have check this pooch’s duffle bag for performance enhancing treats. 
Especially in Texas you gotta check if it's the hot 64 or the cold 64
Best congratulations EVER. 
We really need to practice our Japanese 
This is what I'm on about, absolute plantpot alert 
“@Jharalyowyeh: 
He’s coming for the haters 
Episode 9 “ loving the alien “ 
 Can't beat good neighbours Can ye Bryan 
"Dave, you're going to love it." Leave it to 
Back in the good ol’ days 
y’all made my dADS DAY 
 Do they deliver in the UK? In an ideal world that service would really exist.
Mood x1200 lmao. Sometimes that’s the mindset u gotta have 
Never realised the bass had the vip stage literally shaking until now 
I KNOW PEOPLE SLEPT ON IT 
At least one of y'all must be lying now. 
"Don't start crying on content spencer " 
Loving this customer request for Thanksgiving on Thursday 
Lol! Good night , dear tweeps. 
This motherfucker soltan really wrote is name in the wave form of The Realm...I'm shook 
Was great seeing you guys and happy to hear you guys joining the 1000 families a month movement to CPT from PTA
 the group Taylor brought out was MKTO 
Coach you can’t question the refs... they always call it fair we know this... 
About today's recce 
This is my gazing out of the window pose. How did I do? 
Facts. Think I gave it 17 mins. Also had a hat but the du rag lay was too good not to let the waves flourish 
I did not wake up like this... it takes a bloody army 
Walked by like "Is that 
Another excellent but WARM tap class with the ever brilliant 
Good Afternoon!  This is my prayer for you, 
Hang on... at 6 seconds, did someone just smack that giant hockey player's backside??? Asking for a friend 
His daughters steal all his thunder, don't they? 
We meant business this morning 
keeping your streets ice-free...."Nick Grit-Shaw" I've made it 
You know how when you're laying down and you drop your phone on your face ... I just did it to Alexandra 
Tough day at the office for these Bellas 
Peter Gunz is wack as fuck! 
Got a new follower today. 
 facebook event tonight is going mad for tickets 
Reckon you will get a cake this year?
Let em knowww zay 
Thank you for the long fun night Santiago Chilè . We can't wait to come back 
Four years on and Wayne Rooney is still pissing these two City fans off.
I was so tired that day I don’t even remember saying that 
Frank throwing out the first pitch at the Cubs game is amazing 
TK, what you call zero qualifications we call an outsider not beholden to special interests 
A Mom & Daughter that slays together stays together! 
When ‘being cute’ is just exhausting... 
Stories I love this time of the year, strong or weak draft’s, who won the fixture, and who has had the best off seasons list wise 
....such a good looking person sigh 
Disclaimer: I am not the one holding the book in this photo. It’s My Wife! Who always puts up with all my bookish photo ideas 
Mother before, during and after her first rollercoaster in nearly a decade. 
Despite popular belief I’ve actually sold some, that’s what makes it funny 
This time last year waiting to skydive into the 
 That's the fundamental problem with online usernames these days. I don't go by "Chopin" anymore
Bike ride with the champs lasted 6mins 
Zimbabweans In South Africa Looking At What’s Happening In Their Country
What song do you want playing now ?? 
Skinny Dip’n! 
Oh and when people knock and I say "who's there or even nibandani? Nibanani? And I get no response I get back to what I was doing 
Y'all keep playing wit 
Cameraman has a meltdown when bus blocks Georgia Dome implosion 
Interviewer: Mr. President ,when are you bidding the people of Zimbabwe farewell?Uncle Bob: Where are they going
Why do people argue on your social media page....then @ you the whole time ?!?! Please don't @ me, I'm not getting involved in that 
Thats worth your whole year salary
Jacob - I like to call myself J-A-C-O-B Me- sooooo Jacob 
Throwback to one of my greatest tricks ever... (based off time spent) 
When you talk back to your momma and she snatch you up 
Btw I wasn't trying to be rude up there ^^ I'm just in class and I'd rather not argue for no reason 
The Hockey Parent Coach is what every Hockey Arena needs 
Okay, I’ll stop with the pics (soon) but I admit this one is kind of cool because I look really tall. 
I go Singapore 3 weeks on Saturday.....HA! My life is so random sometimes 
"Another question from Norwalk ... don't you guys have classes right now!?" -
Yes! And I have to stop myself from adding emojis. They’ve seriously infected my mind. 
-son i thank God i neva went to school wit 
Baby boy took carrots out his chckn soup, called them penises, & threw them @ me. Had to lay down law but so tuff keepin a straight face. 
This why i love New York 
Is it just because you were crap at international rules 
 pettiness level on 10,000 this morning 
Fun new workout game: Everytime Richland scores a touchdown, do 10 push-ups. You’ll have arms of steel by halftime 
This every kyrie Irving fan
How’d you forget about all those broken markers and clipboards?? Those are some of the best memories 
What can't Julio do? 
No way has Barry from eastenders just performed for Trump 
James & Dave Franco what they love most about each other & their CRAZIEST auditions ever 
 | This is what women really think of your favourite book 
Okay who gave her a bag of Haribo 
Don't judge my Photoshop skills. There is a reason it looks fake. Not the stars though. 
I haven't laughed today! I needed to see this 
God forbid their bases got burnt 
I love this thread so much. 
Harden called CP3 a “midget” and CP3 came back by knocking Harden for not getting 50 
When you lose your parking brake 
We know it's Monday but if you need something to make you smile on the way to work this morning have a listen to this taken from Annie Mac & Charlie Sloths show last Wednesday 
Someone's a bit stuck and blocking the exit..... 
Only the chosen few were invited, fortunately I wasn’t one of them 
Did the universe begin with bass? Or these lovely hair locks? 
Y’all females must love to have my name in y’all mouth 
Father of 2 bro? Surely grandfather
Me before a shower: I don’t wanna take a shower —————————Me in the shower: I live here now 
Backstage at the EMAs. ISSA boyband ting! ISSA Nigerian trench coat ting 
And Horn calling out Floyd is like Lil B calling out Kendrick to battle
Thanks for all the support and nice comments while I was asleep, you guys are nuts 
When you're trying to pay attention but keep thinking about what happened in 
So today's live coverage of baba's homecoming was illegal. Because?We got to see how police operate??Ok.
 Shout out to this gentleman, with the most polite and diplomatic protest of 2017 
So happy to say we FINALLY have our own music coming out to the world. Thank u so much for ur help & support... it means so much to us..
Taking special orders for tshirts, different colours, styles, polos, shirts, super large super small & boob tubes 
You can't help but love 
Seriously tho spending the day at P&G headquarters & Lab with 
Was good to meet you lads, was some trip typified by the absolute mess of the caveman 
My Uber driver tried to bully her way through a very tiny street and failed and... I think she may still be there
 I used to be a size 30 you know
Trick or treaters who knock my door are getting a bible each..
They always messing up my order 
Vertaling: K3 loves you. 
They must’ve all taken a few too many blows to the head if they think they felt any chance at all 
 don’t miss your length buddy.. 
Adam Spencer - technical term for 1/1000-1/10000 of the width of an electron is "Fuck me" 
"OK....wait....parry?" - 
When you get on base for the first time in awhile 
And a series of papers (and amazing GIFs! 
Floyd Mayweather is lucky he's not fighting me tonight. 
Listened to this on Wednesday. It was the best yet. I loved it. You are fab - even without the Q-Tips 
Throwback for your 18th!! Hope you had a great day
Goldie Lookin Chain - FEAR OF A WELSH PLANET 
In case you were wondering... we never get it on the first take. 
First training session since holiday tonight. Feels like pre season all over again 
Been hearing some theories, game play, conspiracies or truths, basically whatever you want to call them. If they are in fact true, guess i wont be saying 
Special shoutout to MN’s own 
We had such a gourd time today here in Irvine! 
Right, first up, 
That rapper Tell goes in
That’s a new one but thanks 
Once you pop That's great! 
Ohio State trolling Apple 
So I broke my nose again 
 no diss tracks god willing.
Some Walsall fan has booked a hotel 11 miles from Pompey which he thought was cheap...it's on the Isle Of Wight 
One of the best things I’ve seen in a while 
Yep called Breadcrumbs... supposedly the birds love it 
I bought my smores microwave cakes yesterday, and ate one as soon as I got in 
Happy 1st Birthday to Chopped Newbridge! 
And finally thanks to all the volunteers, the teams who took part and our celebs who were very good at looking at the 
My status last night.. 
When you're stuck in work when all you wanna do is lie on a beach with a margarita (pizza or cocktail, or both) 
I'll need proof James!!!
Are you going to go over and do the worm 
 Happy birthday for yesterday pal. Top session this morning.  
Behold the stoners advent calendar. Never thought I’d see the day 
 hope you all stayed sober like I always do 
The rise of Pan Head begins... 
“He lasted seven minutes. He was gagging and sweating and shaking like a stripper but he made it. He made it.” 
Dear internet blogs. How much you willing to pay for that baby pic??  
Another hilarious episode of DateFails w/ 
And y'all just thought it was just me with this problem! 
I just joined the Instagram World. What have I gotten myself into?
Thanks for bearing the cold ky 
Mrs. & Mr. 
 Milli! this is the realest shit I’ve ever heard in my life
If you're having a bad day, watch this
Guess I’ll sleep with this lil fan since my fat ass head brother wanna stay out all night and come take the fan like a nigga ain’t been up since 2 in the morning 
Why does my mates company logo 
Shared my life story for one of the biggest Football clubs in the world last night. Come a long way since my 1st one reading off a piece of paper in an old leisure centre in Chesterfield 
11:40 AM — looked down and realized im in the studio by myself with a can of beer and a pair of maracas 
At least my profile pic is me lol 
 managing to ride in Limerick and the Pardubice 
Wait... Who played Real ? 
Ok thank you for this much needed laughter tonight on Twitter 
When Waititu and Sonko see 
Blake went full ‘game blouses’ 
I want this gif so bad lmao.... holy crap
Proud self-moment:I changed the copy of this right before and I’m so glad I spelled “Boujee” correctly 
Yes i meant to put soul . So many people with negative energy 
When you can’t figure which assist to use 
I know the probs snow causes but still get a wee bit excited about the prospect! Sledging mainly 
Loved it when some girl threw her bra into the booth and it landed on 
I've never felt another man's pain more 
You’re a fucking child 
Kane scores 3 against Apoel Nic & Talksport pushing the narrative of 'he's better than Lewandowski' 
Back to reality today... Emptied the dishwasher, took out the rubbish, emptied the fridge (of cake and beer) and restocked it (with broccoli and blueberries), trip to 
10-year-old Swansea fan William’s epic rant on BBC Radio 5 Live after losing to Brighton yesterday 
One-handed granny shots with impeccable form 
Haha we can take him to tipsy tiger 
Omg. This is too good. Thank you for sharing. 
MOM GETS DOWN TO 
Kyrie Irving Be Running Like..
Ayy... the male ego is a MAAAAADNESS!! 
The technical way of checking if the runway is frozen...have 
Lmaoooo u wan break my head 
They can’t steal my joy
On site ready to deliver another SPECTACULAR Christmas Event @strandshopping We begin by respectfully recognising Armistice Day with a 2 minute silence then into our show with a host of fabulous entertainment including the LEGENDARY BASIL BRUSH 
 as brave off the bike as on it... Excellent docu....Phillipa as Robert Millar was my hero when I raced and met him at Liege Bastogne Liege.. Brusque! 
If you only read one thing this weekend, read this: Cheesecake Factory deconstructed  I promise it will be worth your time. 
You know when you have a song stuck in your head.....well I have “I’m not to poor, to contour” up in there on repeat 
gonna be in france all weekend, playing new tunes & teach the proper spelling of our name...
 we've always talked about being healthy but never succeeded 
Miriam Lord - This was fun 
I think MimbleWimble is extremely cool. Not sure if Bitcoin/Litecoin can adopt this in any way though. We will see!Excited to see so much new stuff coming out these days now that developers can move past all the BS.Is everyone sick and tired of all this winning yet? 
So you saw her, stood next to her, took photos and was too scared to get her number? Now you want us to pull her for you 
This man is about to launch himself in his homemade rocket to prove the Earth is flat.
The funniest video on the internet right now 
 comedy gold - who knew sororicide, alliteration and recorders could be that funny 
Always the best feeling. Rt if you can relate 
Ready for Thursday madness at The Bird In Hand Leek but rocking my custom made glasses due to my bad eye 
A new reporter on the "Cyclone beat" asking 
As a UCLA Bruin, thanks 
Thanks for watching!!! Fear - Death = Thrills 
Guess this guy had planned a better end 
You guys are so rude. You guys are going to end up alone 
LOOOOOL THIS IS THE BIGGEST TROLL OF ALL TIME 
Leaflet from trade publication with advice on how to make most of cask beer sales. Range, marketing etc..... with a sample photo of a keg beer board..... 
MANYA is tearing up everywhere, you guys are toooo much!!!! Whaaaaa ?
 I want this jumper though 
"I can trust him as far as I can push a house" 
Played the game called "Getting Over it" I can say I'm terrible at it and now I hate life 
Yooooo......I died when he thought he was still cutting his head when he moved away from it....
Tag a friends who's been feeling a little landlocked lately 
I just spit a quick 16 to my moms, while dropping her off at the pharmacy. She said it’s my illest verse, even with the cuss words edited. 
He's got jokes! 
Lmao I used to be stressed in high school 
I don’t think is a good idea 
Who said my ugly ass couldn’t get a beautiful foreign. Well your wrong lol 
Very thankful for my firstborn on this fine Thanksgiving eve! 
Lol i wouldn’t say i get pressed but I’m deff not happy about It. On the bright side that helps me decipher which women i need to cut out of my life 
About my search history... I can explain
Ruptured ACL but who cares after a 95th minute winner 
I know it's wrong but some of these really made me laugh!
Drop ye to Tallaght like this Sunday 
If only we payed this much attention on a Friday normally 
One great thing about being home... looking at old pictures. This one from 2007 in France with 
Been playing Niniola’s Maradona since I heard it yesterday 
Me and Stoop thought we kind of matched with my blue shirt 
Wonder how soon they can deliver the bag I want 
Figured out why we vote in Pencil... just spotted Theresa May at the polling station 
me, claire & harajuku look like we about to hit up some bomb ass sale at the mall. 
So fun catching up with my Sydney roomie 
Sorry they're sold out, I bought them all for Riley and Hudson's room
The Sixers play “White Iverson” after TJ McConnell scores 
 we love seeing you back on our screens 
Why do I feel like this Guys are subbing we Nigerians?
So the choices are: forgive and forget instantly after a non-apology is issued, or ousted for all eternity. 
 That hashtag is hilarious. I wanted them together,  but...Remy is catching that side eye from me now.
May FOMO prevail. 
Massive thanks to all the MP’s 
Uh Oh!! 
Tourist to his son in Times Square:“You gotta be careful. These people walk like they drive here. It makes no sense” 
Favourite summer moment at ncs
Today Out of Bounds is offering work out tips to the one & only Wiz Khalifa 
The police horse at the Madrid derby on Saturday had fun... 
Haha ffs. Somebody should be sacked for that 
Wow I spelled digital really good in the post 
A big happy 45th birthday to my not so little brother Stu! Pretty sure I was a much better looking child than you (guess which one I am?). Clearly, in our older years,  I got the brains, you got the looks....and .
Hope one of the Bushtucker trials is one round with Briedis Prescott. We can vote Amir & they'll all go hungry for the night. 
 happy Birthday From your parents 
Jose with a spirit of shankly badge in Moscow 
That guy in the middle didn’t even know he was 
Lol ive been there. Whos idea was it to give us white tunics anyway. 
Anyone got a good caption for this? I got nothing
Yep, I did a little boondoggling tonight. 
I THOUGHT HIS TALKING IN ENGLISH 
I can honestly say, I've never seen a cat trying to pet a bird 
I hate dis lil nigga 
If wisconsin had won, this playoffs would’ve been the most simple to choose. Of course it wasn’t that easy 
Took over for the U13s as a one off this morning, kept the 100% run going but boy oh boy I’ll be glad when the gaffer’s back next week 
HAHAHA This guy is lit!!!
Lmao, same!!  
Ready for a new fave page in the photoalbum? 
sum real evil shit when friends don’t support friends in their creative pursuits cause they doin similar shit to u. I get biting is an issue but fuk it’s 2017 every1 got a copy of th latest free sample pack online chill 
Told you! It's Amir allday now going forward in these trials, the pain 
You're not wrong. Its MY bike 
Young fan swats J.J Watt's pass and does his signature finger wag 
UK Spies challenged at Strasbourg - watch as Ex-US spook starts to lose it at 8.30 & walks out of debate with me by 16.40 complaining over  my ‘interruptions, human rights rant & weasel words’ 
I told him, "well, i bet he's good with being called both" He said, "yeahh i bet you're right". Dude had no clue. 
I'll just leave this right here.  
Me thinking Kai would be happy going as a footballer for 
You look cute in this pic I look a hot ratchet mess 
"You're going to fucking jail Greg" 
Y’all.. look at this chic-fil-a rap video 
Maaannn people hitting me up saying they thought they heard “Pete Tong is a bitch” in my Essential Mix ..... ARE YALL CRAZY?!!! 
Getting the hang of having 2 accounts 
Even tho she’s poorly she’s still a happy bubba and had me in fits of laughter today
I really thought the man was finna do a trick 
Update: It's from 1985—the same age as me! I didn't think to check the seal before 
"...The Americans are coming to us for that sauce..!" 
The Apprentice is the best thing on TV the now 
Thick hair is cool until you have to wash it or comb it or do anything to it period 
He didn't hold back on that one 
Never, ever celebrate early 
Always entertaining watching Liverpool 
Met a fan, he asked for a photo, but suddenly his phone died 
Shelf buddies! (Yes, I juggled things around a bit!) 
Looking Good Bricey now for some new Tunage 
This over a 9 to 5 with my so called degree any day bro 
In fairness to him, Cup week is a bloody long week 
I got called "my aryan brother" by a black man working at the DMV this morning. Wasn't really sure how to react. 
Sorry to disappoint you bro, I'm not the real Santa Claus 
Oh! What a memory to wake up to 
Ever heard of Roost Gear? That was my 1st free set 
Let's be honest - winter kit isn't to keep you warm and dry, it's to look cool in the cafe 
Just passing through reading the comments 
Just finishing our first bit of exercise (1500m swim) since 
Even Hockey players have their Cheat Days 
Fave line of the night- it's a tie between 
Baker... baker...baker 1)they showed you up... 2) I’m sure you told them you would carve them up.... 3) you apologized last time and didn’t mean it which I’m totally fine with. You apologized this time and didn’t mean I
At a Halloween party and someone has brought their King Charles Spaniel and dressed it as The Pope I'm crying 
Fucking love this guy, always so dead on and it's like spoken word performance how he uses language sometimes 
When your Tourmanager looks like Lord Farquaad from Shrek!!! Hahahahahahaa 
I just stumbled up on a trk I told 
When your Mom let you push the basket and you hit the back of her ankles, she look at you like 
Show love to one uks best comedians 
 can I get me one of these pleeeze 
Collab! Please collab 
"fr moe this campus getting jhi like dangerous"
Not something you'd typically hear at a football ground 
Fred got a hold of my iPhone last night. It’s a tad dramatic but that’s just my opinion
There's not a single Tongan flag in the whole of Auckland so out comes the laau su'isu'i. Tell me the Samoans aren't happy for the Tongans one more time 
To say something isn’t racist or sexist because it’s true is the go to argument for bigots 
Most infectious laugh award goes to 
Lot a trees, lot a leaves... insightful! 
Gotta love Boston Fans lol...nickname suggestions?? 
@3namc what's the name of that tan sorry I didn't catch it with your fabulous Italian accent 
Toff got off lightly there... Beck had to eat a full bowl of dirty auld egg... Toff only did 1 measly worm! 
When you almost put a condom in your brew. 
These Duke bus drivers really do not care 
I have seen it all on this show! 
Such as...??? 
 coming from the king of blue steel
Is this the attire for tomorrow’s show 
Spurs fans singing "She's getting fucked in the jungle" to Jamie Vardy last night. 
I hope you meant “Blend” not “Bland” 
Don’t know what I’d do without Gogglebox and these two 
Imagine being this fucking tragic tho 
"Half Way" Episode 4 - SHIT & RUN 
"Just keep one tab open to the Download-A-Thon and when it feels like the entire internet is a used car salesman trying to bully you out of every dollar, you’ll have an ad-free sanctuary to go laugh and unwind." 
What “Void?” 
I now remember why I got off twitter. Lol too many people be in their feelings 24/7 
When you take the lead of the race, it invites only one thing...BUNDLE!! 
Had a kickass time during the shooting of the song Twist from Love aaj Kal 
When you have to wait a full week for another FCA big group meeting...but then you realize it's actually only 5 days away 
The grind don't stop 
Dancing like this all year long 
Which move from "Eat That Ass Up" are you doing at the turnup? 
Some of the oldies are the best, although in this case we're not so sure! Here's another terrible joke from Brutus and Alfie to perk up your Monday! ^..^ 
Nearly 2 years later and this is still going mad 
My sister messaged me saying "Aag lah thayyyeeee" her event was soo lit the roof was literally on fire 
After taking over the aux yesterday “ your music is violent “ 
Ha ha ha he’ll laugh at that. We said that earlier 
You going to work on door or behind the bar. 
Peter Kay tickets for June 2019! 
How does my hair look?! Actually...Don’t answer that! 
Wow! Big ding dong happening on twitter between ex players pre-Ashes! 
Two weeks til LA. Everyone's surprised I'm coming back so soon-- I personally feel like I can't get back there soon enough 
"Six seasons of Jason Momoa"Someone is about to get a real lesson on how 
Bru I’m fuckin cryin 
Hey I could get used to this 
Better bring your 97’s 
Sometimes being a good boy doesn't pay off so well... 
After last year's Europa League Final 
Turns out I’m not the only parent who’s been on a quest to find a 
Never mind getting the wooden spoon in the 6 nations, the Scots are gonna get the wooden spoon in Group C 
I knew it didn’t all go to charity 
Happy pride Manchester folk, have a wild one for me 
Pablo was fixing petrol pumps and changing tires when she was making her first billions for trafficking cocaine 
Lol you pretty know damn well that shit shoots to 1% like nothing 
Russ loves a good Eurostep 
A7. Not very well. All tips welcome!! 
FAMILY GUY SING "SHAPE OF YOU" 
entered my pin wrong into my phone n without me knowing my phone took a pic of me and sent it to my dad's email 
Asda are trying to get my celebrity prank taken down which is just great 
The comments are really making my day 
I don’t know if he’d let me though 
"Did he respond yet??" --
You've come a long way bro. Proud of you! 
This hilarious tweet from De Gea has gone viral 
 Shout out to Mel!!!! 
 how do you attract these nutters. I’m on board to rename it 
Toff will be able to taste dick for days now like... 
ChrisSutton gets wiped out by Stephen Craigan live on BT Sport. This is brilliant. 
They called " free " throws for a reason .. 
I want this dark hair again! This pic will also be my inspo for when I order a meal deal for two for one (ME) in future 
U need some new material mate 
It's worth a try!
I bought a blue berry muffin today, lost it for a few... Just found it :D YUMMY! By losing it I mean I couldn't find it in the kitchen 
Your captions are hilarious people! 
 I dey wait ihn wedding day
When your that guy in the squad that has nothing to offer! 
Still makes me laugh. Thankfully I can see the lighter side...shat myself at the time! You two giggling 
Hands down my favorite SNL skit ever lol and the 90s music video theme was on point 
Super!!! 
"Assuming the 500-mph, mile-long flight through the Mojave Desert does not kill him, Mike Hughes told the Associated Press, his journey into the atmosflat will mark the first phase of his ambitious flat-Earth space program." 
Help the young bull out! 
Not only is BJS scared I have all of London shaking in there boots they're all tryna come to his rescue through Twitter 
See you in the Europa League, Spurs 
This is not the group of death, anything is possible. This is a chance for us to show what we are made of. Looking forward seeing you 
knew you stayed up too late when this came on your tv 
Floyd Shimvabu quoting exodus 20;14,
Now that MLive is writing about me, perhaps my Beaverton relatives will think I did something cool now? 
Today Jono managed to get both Ben & I today - Near spew and tears, well played asshole 
Listening to that interval samba music for the last time..! Ready for the Wolf to work that tail ONE MORE TIME! 
A story of 4 bachelors and the chaos that follows them... again! 
A great first day at Unicef Baby Friendly Conference...inspiring, informative,fun...and a little bit of Pooh! 
Hello everybody lasisi here again sumtin jos hoppin right now .... 
Aye I give you that no doubt, but lets be real here if anything its gonna be a dude shooting the place up. Not taking is sexual tension out on a girl who rejected him 
Lils is so excited with her girls school football team kit she's only the same number as her idol !! (Think she begged the poor teacher 
Need to get myself back into camp! 
Hahaha most staged thing Iv seen since Gemma Collins pretending to fall thru a stage 
A must watch... 
It’s Christmas come early for ‘Extensive Product Tester’ Fran! 
I really want a 6pack for my holiday......but damn these biscuits are delicious!!! 
 eh! (With my Zambian accent)Btw I loved the top you had on 
This could be one of the best things I have seen, I need to test mine now
Ooops! It seems that everyone is noticing the family resemblance today 
Watch this video and try not to laugh. 
Yes Professor X! 
Behind the camera today filming in London 
FIRST 2 SHOWS AT @gothamcomedyclub TONIGHT at 8p & 10p! Come! 
They said it would take 2 seconds 
Tag someone who is probably like this right now. 
My husband sat in Nando's for over an hour waiting for table service 
Where he’s going. He’ll have a clearance, to the mail room, kitchen,license plates shop or the fields. Come and go as you please. 
I wouldn’t go that far 
can’t even promote me event with dj envy this weekend i refuse 
Everytime I visit non English country I lose Aussie twang, develop wack af accent and speak broken English. Wtf 
We found the real life Beavis and Butthead! 
Rah he tried to bone out and done even worse 
He’s a bell end 
I don’t know a single person who thought KD couldn’t hold his own 
NO PARIS WAS SO FUCKING CRAZY THEY MADE ME DROP SHADE 3 TIMES ARE U MAD 
Im no boxing expert but Tyson Fury is moving fucking amazing for a 25 stone man
What recovery looks like. By 
You guys are so negative - decybell 
Had the best time yesterday morning at 
Lebron got ejected for no reason 
“I’m 100% sure I’m gonna freeze my ass off.”
Is it just me or did Chris Christie twice duck his head to get into the frame on natl TV? 
Nigerian flag be looking like ...Moses and the Red sea 
"Lieutenant Watson Ice-cream!" - JJ Watt 
I have so many tracks to release omg could actually make two albums 
I'm having serious words with my dad about the connection in this house 
Hey they aren’t married yet 
Zombification is progressing nicely! 
When your reminded about the days back on faceparty. Wow time flies good times 
Even walking on the treadmill was an effort today 
 that a lot of people don't know about. Me watching 
Just another manic Monday... shooting a naked calendar for a fundraiser. Yep, I’m slightly proud, and scared 
This girl funny af 
I've probably never seen anything funnier than 
Drax was ready to roll, me, not so much, LOL 
Love pulling this absolute pearler out of the photo album now and again 
No Custard Pie this time... 
Clock would have run out? 
I think I might 
The kids know best 
‘It’s the weekend,’ they said. ‘Have the weekend off,’ they said. Oh no, wait. No they didn’t. 
Taking care of my business, minding my business, and raising my credit score 
Bovi and igosave. Hint: Men can BALL Sha.RT if you see it!!!
Arsenal stewards trying to sort out the FC Koln fans tonight 
Say that louder they can't hear you
we actually look sober in this photo 
 doesn't get any better than this.
Frank Nitti Stories on a Thousand 
Yep 6 points more would put you 5th from bottom.....
NLE Fun Run Boosterthon "Reward"
 that’s why half backs shouldn’t try and stop a maul!!
Definitely kick some ass Beth, as long as it's not mine 
Awwww!!!! Have people who don’t say thank you! 
Chat shit get Tased 
They've become ESPNs only chance at ratings and viewership 
 That Nationwide bit had me laughing so hard I almost crashed while driving
 it's not as after the watershed as it sounds I promise matron! 
You ever heard something so shit it's good 
De Gea can actually save Nigeria's ailing economy oh! 
Exactly, who wants both front wheels going the same way! 
"Another peasant nation being subsidised by British taxes" 
A story of happy accidents 
I’ll take that... 
While everyone is focused on Flynn, the Russians, Robert Mueller, and the tax-bill...I'm at the FCC, doing the grunt work. 
Too much savage arguments in one scene 
 yes BB! Come on mate give me a break! 
Filipino Verlinden has to be the greatest autocorrect I've ever seen in a press release. 
Where can I get matching pyjamas for me and my chihuahua 
I almost downed a whole helmet on my own in September 
Retweet if you love 'Only Fools and Horses'... 
Not even bitch...bored 
Yomi's mom knows that her son has a gf named Prisca.Just doesn't know how many.
It’s that time of year again... 
This parody of the BBC interview > 
Preach this!!! Greggs can’t even change baby Jesus to a sausage roll for a laugh
CLASSIC: Everytime Troopz says "blud", the video speeds up...Cannot. Stop. Watching. 
Must be so boring being an NZ All Blacks fan. Always predictable! At least with Wales we celebrate hard a win, as we don't get many! 
That's just a great quote 
 Sorry had to take the outside lane, still in Suzuka mode, must pass doesn't matter which way 
King Imprint came to speak to the students about their dancing career! 6th and 7th graders went BALLISTIC! I have no idea who these youngsters were 
What is your favourite song from a modern MT show (or song cycle/album) and why? I want to make a playlist as I am old and not down with the kids anymore. 
Josh and Kally are back from 4pm today with a special guest! Get us on for an interview like no other 
Done and that video at the end was so cringe
Tag a friend who gets WAAAAY too into reading putts 
Class of 2017, great pic 
you were first guy to own one pal, although you were a few ales in when the auction started right enough 
A great weekend, you’ll have Great food, Loads of drink and some brilliant music & if lucky a rare sight of 
Singing lessons....let’s go! 
Nice glass of white wine after a hard sesh. Lol 
People who don’t know Basketball very will swear everything is a travel 
Celtic have found out what happens when you take the lead against PSG 
“I’m not an alien Fred” ,, fred “ how do you know “? Me ,, “ I’m not “ 
Ceiling **** predictive text 
Friday Night Cinema Date With Ray, Molly & 
The Mugabe Hollywood movie is already in the making y’all 
Big up my Spotify listeners, forever grateful to the people that listen to the weird shit I make 
Well that was a BLAST! Such a pleasure having 
There is so much going on in this video 
How To Spend It Well At Christmas” is on 
I know what i said did you not read my other tweets ? 
Oh,I forgot. iight den. 
Jo and Sparky will be back with another Facebook Live at 8:00am tomorrow and you can catchup here: 
We landed a fish!!! Well 
When you’re away on cycling business and you think you’ve gotten away with sneaking your dumbbells into your bag until your coach takes it to put it in the car 
Me, trying to write: ...Jim & C, from next room: Come in here and tackle us!Me: I need to finish this paragraph!Jim: That will NEVER happen.
That moment you see your next climb and decide you should fuel up first!! 
When March Madness hits the classroom 
Lmaooo i couldn’t do nothing but smile dawg they were going DUMBBBB 
Come on be fair I'm getting so much...........
 Ho Ho holidays are here .... 
On shuffle working. Always reminds me of being a kid 
Off to film with baileysnigeria. Check out my fans photobombin in da back 
When a customer wants to speak to the manager and the manager just tells them the exact same thing you did 
Only in GlasgowFederer hits a drop shot...“Gonnae no dae that” 
This lucky pony met 
Hey, cosplayers: apparently, you can buy the jacket? 
This is why she NEVER walks the dogs 
Some people really scraping the barrel for relationship goals 
Thanks for all your messages old man still got it 
Great way to end my collegiate career, and a huge shout out to my parents and coaching staff! 2nd Team All Conference Long-snapper/ATH 
Somehow they allow people dressed up in Mario Kart costumes to zip around Tokyo. It’s called MariCar 
The butter knife tho 
A sushi bar for dogs?! Whatever next 
Hollywood is not sleeping! The 
Kirra vs Thanos Kirra laying down the law.  
When the contents of your mini fridge are: Lime 
“ur only 19? omg ur such a baby
Podcast profile pic that didn’t make the cut 
Hahaha the steward at the Blackburn game today, wait for it... 
2018 already feels like a free for all deathmatch...
Boys who jump from girl to girl literally make me crease
My mom calls these “Happy Meals”!! 
Hire the right people. We have a no a**hole policy at Carbon - Joseph DeSimone 
 yaaaaaaaaas honey pretty pretty petty princess 
 I should start squatting more just in case.
 Boris Johnson dad asking who is who,they ve no idea who he is?
No more business for Singapore's "Summon Aunties." 
Top draw this!!!scoring off corners for fun as well for a change 
So many weirdo ratty cunts in boxing! Set guys need to start getting a slap in my opinion 
 Jenn! You're really crazy for a Mom..
This reminded me of Joey's attempt at learning French. 
Late night lovin' in bed with my hubby... Just kidding, totally on our phones 
Tonight - Check out this new dance move. That's one to try out this weekend on the d floor! 
I feel bad for the legs of anyone who hunts with me
TUNE IN! Trust me ... it's worth it 
!!!!! POOR JIM!!!!! Girl, don't give him no palm butter or potato greens!!! He'd DIE!!! You are those chips like they were candy!! I'd say you won. Poor Jim!! 
Need to be around peeps that understand my “current” sense of humor.  I’m definitely different these days 
And the piece de resistance! 
Great result 5-1 without playing fantastic 
Remember when Blairites styled themselves 'the resistance.'
NO WAY!!!
Chance The Rapper did a SNL sketch as a hockey reporter 
How ima smoke my blunt before Thanksgiving Dinner 
 same time, same place tomorrow night?? 7-8pm 
Never in your silly ass life, compare Lebron to any player playing. He isn’t comparable to anyone. One of the GOATS. KD had the nerve to say LBJ passed the torch to him 
Can't believe I got to be on set! Go watch the full video!! 
 no I haven't but could do one 1 year, featuring some cats potentially maybe a motorbike
That Alex jones face 
You know what they say....ain't no..... Better than new.....
People that wear durags and ain't got a wave in their head.. Y'all are a different breed of people lol 
Booking not essential but would be great if you could let us know when coming. Even if only an hour before.  Would love to have you and will keep 
 > GCSEs.... If you know, you know 
When you randomly loose your drink during 
The xmas trolling continues!! Here’s ma pal 
If there's one thing Mick Molloy knows, it's 
You know it's going to be a long day when you're already tired of talking at 5:30 AM 
Haha! Yeah I bumped into a lot of familiar faces 
Not doing bad for a fat lad! 
Gn guys ..an addition to 
Can’t believe it’s the last show in the Lakes! Tour begins nxt wk. . Thanks 
Here is my "L" for saying the top 3 jordan was ComplexCon only. im about 2342356475 and 1 on giving sneaker drop info so its a big deal i guess.now can we move on lol 
On that note, throwback to the 
I've made them get the album out 
When you attempt to look cool with a car out of your league. Style points=ZERO Loss of man points=exponential 
Lucky man .... shame 
Ah you definitely know it's Christmas with this fecker selling his album, concert, mug, tea towel or whatever shit he's flogging on TV. 
If you’re interested in learning about Giraffes, wearing squash outfits and Michael Caine impressions, this is the podcast for you. 
Throw the whole state away 
Can someone please ask Mmusi Maimane why white people aren't participating in the 
Yo, I went hella hard Saturday 
 yes mate much love x
Thought T.R. Was Carl Weathers from “Predator” for a min 
When you don't know how to fight Ex.Gian Flip 
Fuck sake Dad! 
Now I get da reason why 
We could not do this picture any better if we tried 
So I'm out playing catch with one of my future Reggie's and he says "daddy did you see that, I caught that like 
This has made my morning. So funny 
Yeah about That Tongan Blue flag... Tongan Crip Gang(TCGs) have been breaking protocol  this whole RLWC wearing Red so they had to balance it out hence the blue. 
 cinematography is unreal! Each frame is a phenomenal. It’s provided me with enough screensavers for the next 10 years 
We just need a jersey for Murphy 
The US Navy had to apologise after a pilot drew a massive penis in the sky 
Are you running an exotic zoo at your house, 
Husband: you’re as beautiful as the day I met you.Me: you don’t have to say that. I know I’m a mess.Him: well that’s also true.
We couldn't help but share this as it made us chuckle 
Can see Williams scoring the winner here too!! 
Who said Holy Wood is asleep!! Guys are ever ready. Meet a 2019 movie "ROBERT The Mugabe Story"
Scenes!!! 
When both the President of France and Prime Minister of the Netherlands visit Ghana on the same day, Accra comes to a standstill. The traffic today is pure madness 
Our Dota team is facing two massive challenges tomorrow. IG and Jim Plivou getting up at 8 am. 
Foundations and brickwork going in at our amazing Cromwell Road development in Ellesmere Port! Keep eyes & ears posted on these because they’re gonna go like hot cakes! Photo credit to our PM Dave 
"Jack Midson headed The Head ahead" 
Nigga if u stingy, jus say i stingy geez lol 
“We” = football fan
Right! Does he do the same shit to kids watching a puppet show? It's not real! 
Who wore it best? Me, or the sofa 
when jonye throws unnecessary shade 
Jalen Rose said Embiid was immature for saying he’s at 69% so Embiid said he was at 81% the next time he was asked. Kobe dropped 81 on Jalen Rose. 
You're funny haha
I like Amir but he knows how to exaggerate a story 
... I had to add my girl Lee lee face to all my emojis
When you call the bank and at the end of the call the lady says one last question... when's 
"Its like the Lakers playing in the Stanley cup or whatever" -
Pretty sure they stole our logo...
This thread makes me so happy - I have so many alternative names for my dog that I can barely count 
Yes yes! That’s how I write as well. People who know me personally say they can imagine me saying the things I write. According to them “my articles are so me” 
That turkey gobble during the Turkey Day Olympics song is cracking me up!
Thanks for the solid advice, 
We do things a little differently 
The TB Times never disappoints (Tom Brady/ IG) 
I hear your frustration girls 
Such a rare moment definitely needs a celebration to be remembered!
Did you get your tix? If you're like my friends, then probably not. second date anyone? 
Fresh Prince of Bel Air 
West Coast, you won't have to worry about keeping track of your favorite Kris quotes anymore. She got someone to do it for us. 
Bored so i thought id take a Selfie with the selfie gnome 
 Big Shaq is joined by someone's grandma for "Nans Not Hot" on 
Aaron Judge's 51st home run of the year earns him a dugout interview from his 
A perfect way to spend this boiling sunny weather...in an ice rink!!! 
Absolute pearler!! It’s been deep V from Day 1 
Looking forward to this! Got a fun + super nerdy + retro demo planned... I’ve just got to build it... 
Love playing at the same time as my dad 
 listen carefully.....do they know something???
Hey @schunesfor sure Ababu is on the right side of history, as a "resident of Budalangi" cc 
Prince Al-Waleed main argument against 
Girls go on one holiday and post “Take me back” for the next 5 years... the whole thing cost £200 JUST GO BACK 
 you know i had to let them know ! Dont come for bae 
We're a legion now ! 1.000.000 THANKS !!RT to enter the contest, I'll pick 5 winners (but I still dont know what will be the present 
Never give up on your dreams... 
Lol! True! 
Dawg missed the bus, this shit so funny Bra I swear 
Like father, like son 
Can't believe how many caddies I have to choose from now 
Idk where Kelly found this, but this year’s bday shirt takes the cake. I only made her watch these movies a billion times. AND virtually every person my age that walked past me today started singing “Rocky loves Em-i-ly!” 
I love you both...but it’s 
Watching my boy win for the 14th time since yesterday!! What a class ride from 
Ima make them big bro 
“Dey gone lower my speed on Madden,” “I look like I was movin doe?” Team: NOOOO!
Hurricane Dion done hit Miami 
At the end of the day, lots of people send nudes. I’m not going to sit here and pretend like sending nudes is the worst thing ever. Just don’t send it to a minor like 
Throwback to me on set for this I had so much fun shooting it 
Now I know what I’m giving for all my Christmas presents this year!! 
 never turned in this morning obviously had better things to do! 
Patrice Evra really does love this game...even on a Monday morning 
Good to see that floor tape still going 
Good luck for service tonight! 
 Me too!!  If you find them get me one too!
Scholes' face when Gerrard says he hasn't won the league 
...soooo... lets get it finished shall we 
U sure??. I haven't done 1 for a few years now I thought every1 forgot about them bruh 
Arrrre itni heavy baat... hahaha.. bhai bas bas... 
Don’t worry about them Jordan, just hope you play well tomorrow 
One time, it was my fault that Manchester Council *had* to increase top bosses’ salaries by 60% 
Made some new friends at Comic Con this weekend.... 
You call me "rubbish" all the damn taaarrrrm 
Looking for a good deal on Cyber Monday? Well, here's a FREE VIDEO!!! New 
Bully popping in for some breakfast.  He thinks he owns the place. Lol 
Don't you mean "Odourous" 
Taylor only sold 200k 2nd week. Adele would never 
 This guy totally made my day. 
Got to be honest was more nervous standing over a 4ft putt today than I was in the 92nd minute yesterday however it was the same out come 
 they acted like someone spilled a drink 
Watch it 3 times and I bet you laugh 
Also bye social life I've never grown up 
 I was happy asf bro
ITS A WAR NOW YALL 
Is it me or is there not ONE black person in ANY of these 
'Earth to Vincent, I'm with child'. 
Amir Khan when he pulled out the snake 
 you ain’t the only one trust me !!!
Loved bumping into one sober 
Did you watch last night's video? What did you think? Did you enjoy it more or less than Donal did 
Worked all night and sent the love to 
JUST JOINED THE GYM.Who's knows if I'll ever actually go though 
All things great about Scottish football here! Peebles committee man argues with 2 kelty players and follows it up by sending them a box of shite through the post 
 Savage dads are savage. 
Been in Denmark for 30 minutes and I haven't seen a single shield maiden 
Some one who has just had the jolly rancher? 
You lose most your heat from your head.
Not really, but every interview he seems like a tool.
Suck a dick from the back and make a asshole clap. 
First thought when that direct deposit hits your account on payday  
Wagwan tho? Where is all the Arsenal fans at? Talk to me 
DEAD!!!! 
Or wide receivers must be fakes cause you were staying away from them today 
Still think this is the best costume ever. My bro 
That’s all we have in Australia, i remember asking for it my first time in the US & people looking at me like im speaking French 
Watch out, Julio. 
This Mendy guy from Man City! Dude has serious twitter fingers for a 'top baller'... does he even play? 
Bargain alert! All three Rabbits Leap books are now just 99p! Christmas has come early!  ...
What’s the first thing you think of when you hear Two Turtle Doves? Be honest. We just did the 
6ers fans are sick right now 
Absolutely creased at big shaq on the radio 
I need to work in front of the goal really 
I’ve never been prouder 
Tonight’s panto is deffo the best I’ve ever seen, loved it so much, my cheeks hurt from laughing
My little man Jude starting his weekend super body workouts  
My kids , back in the day when they could cuddle each other 
FYI My mouth is so wide because I'm singing NOT because I'm being the stagiest person ever 
Just happy I got an invite 
Bwahahahaaaaa kekkkkkke ....if she calls me so then lazima iko Kamau or Njoroge behind her Usapere 
Bling It On, wow - late entry for the 
The t-shirt I needed every day of K-12 
my own friends always hit ass and lift boobs up whenever they see me,it's just greetings
Cleaning the dust off my PhD dissertation 
The moment you’ve all been waiting for, the 
.  Amazing how they kept the biceps in proportion
My man came out the locker 
My conscience is forcing me to share Miege's recruitment of my son:5'6" 135lb 8th grader out of St Elizabeth & Christ The King"Secretly" meets coach at Open HouseCoach: what position do u play?Son: RBCoach: (looks son up & down) Well, we throw the ball here!Sold! 
Ready for a great lunch near the “blue” school w/ a couple of former “Red” school guys across the state! 
When your six year old son says his nickname for hockey is “Jake the snake.” 
DREAMS keep us Alive & Going .. playing with this app 
Yes she could have done it before yesterday, but when she's worked hard on something she thought everyone would like for it to be ruined by retailers, do you really think she's over the moon at the minute? 
Excuse the bad hair (bangs) but we put this on the show today because I hosted w/ a guy I was getting autographs from in ‘03. 
Love being downvoted for saying I work on the game, may be time for a reddit break 
If I remember correctly I did that a while back so you copied me!
AHAHAHAHHAHA AMIR KHAN PULLED THE BLOODY SNAKE OUT AND STARTED SCREAMING 
Bruh wtf put Timehop back on my phone 
My man thought he was getting shot up 
Have you ever seen so much food that you’ll not be hungry again? Wait for December 2! 
THESE SUBWAY COOKIES WAS TOO FUCKING GOOD 
Was starting my tweet with « the streak is over ... » deleted that quick as f*** 
If you zoom in I look like Randal Weems outta recess 
Half way through our HPM I had to send 
There's the GOAT and the Bull, but what about the other 'animals' in the Aussie side? Absolute gold from Nathan Lyon​ here 
Basically. My day today 
Yeah of course BUT murder is murder obviously if you’re defending your fam cool but fuckinghell lads 
I took on Alain’s 
 Aw damn... shots fired 
Great interview with Michael O’Leary there from 
Nah, I'm off back to bed 
Of all the things I hoped to see today on the road from Marrakech to the ocean, somehow "Goat Tree" was not one of them 
When Amir receives his meal ticket... 
We absolutely LOVE you guys! That slide moment 
Sasha and Kelsey fighting is the funniest thing to watch 
It’s amazing how many taxis you get in and they ask you how to get to where you’re going lol.... “ bro I don’t have a clue that’s why I got a taxi “ 
I just realized that while I was still loopy from wisdom teeth removal this morning I ordered one of 
Just so you know!!! 
No Laugh Challenge Part Two with 
Three bros walk into the shop, ask me a ton of questions about Heathers and Carrie, and then stand in the musical theatre section in awe. 
"Hector Bellerin is sure it wasn't a foul..."Deeney: "He had his long hair in the way, he couldn't see what he's doing." 
If they all had the buttas on I would’ve lost it 
Whenever I feel sad I'm just going to watch this on a loop 
when you really fw someone 4 hours be feeling like 30 mins
It would, I was lucky to snap it up tbh 
Selim the Shit- Named! Mine is terrible lol 
Who's mans is this? 
Ok, this made me laugh... 
This is the best video i have ever seen 
Tag a friend who would miss this! We all know at least one
Applauding yourself because you're the Sexiest Man Alive. 
Garage skanks in full effect w / 
montreal was nice. heard someone at last nights show let out a literal *gasp* when we called it CLANADA
I don't think anyone loves 
BREAKING: Giants host a parade after beating the Chiefs. 
Off for a little enduro riding today.. lift assisted of course 
And look where his throw landed! 
Two types of people taking pix 
I asked Lou Williams why he don’t play D. He said he be trying. He just not good st that shit 
Leonard Fournette: "The NFL is a lot slower than I really thought.. It was actually really easy" 
I'm never leaving twitter 
Feeling like a jar of Marmite right now... 
On the one hand: meh, elections ¯\_(ツ)_/¯On the other: seeing this transphobic sack of shit continue to get owned and butthurt after losing to a trans woman truly gives me life 
I feel like I’ve power napped in every bathroom of every venue before I’ve played my show on this tour and the tour before this one 
We work on this move 2 years!! Glad that 
I'm gonna need the video of me running after the golf cart please! 
This is probably a slightly bigger clue to who our 2nd co-host is! 
68000 of 75000 is 90.67%That's an A+. You are busy hating on Cassper Nyovest but you can't even get 40% to qualify to write an exam. BITCH SIT DOWN, BITCH BE HUMBLE 
I’m dead. 
Meek really stuck the landing 
Me without a filter lol 
Thank you! It all goes downhill from here though 
I am laughing right out loud. This is one of the funniest and most clever welcome signs a school has ever made for me. Zoom in to read the word bubbles. 
 "hey zoo keeper!" OMG watching you on Netflix. I'm laughing so hard I'm literally in tears. 
 this guy lost his wife bcuz of this interview ffs 
Don’t worry babe, it’s got a lovely balsamic glaze 
Organizing events isn't good for your resting heart rate 
 Shaq wildin'!!!
 Shannon gave Lydia the LOOK OF DEATH 
Just cuz I was there doesn't mean I still can't play along 
Very happy to make finals. Going down tonight. There is a Livestream somewhere starting at 19:00. 
Speaking to a decent lassie that actually cares is 10000000 times better than speaking to loads without wanting anything. Glad I've been converted n came to my senses 
Alex Bregman is living his best life right now 
“It weighs more than HE DOES” 
Never want to be that guy. 
This time next yr Ill have a bae 
Laughed and cried (while putting on gig-face - not ideal
Another day another Kilo... This time without my mates 
Very possible Aiden thinks they are all called Bon because he’s not good at names 
CONGRATS Jordyn on placing 1st in the Crystal Lake Talent Show! Yall know I have a dance weakness 
goddamn the lag was too real! I couldn’t even fly with ultron 
Man, I don’t know whether to be happy or sad after 
Crying laughing at pronouncing Kane's name as Kané. Although, it would make him sound more continental! My Spurs fan producer ain't happy! 
My selection of clothes may be super tiny but at the very least I have enough to mix up staple items 
Not sure they thought this character naming through on Assassin’s Creed Origins - on the 154th “By Heck!” of the day 
Best thing ever...Trump introduced the world to my Hero 
Coolest coach in college football
Poor Mini is home sick today. I think it's the perfect time for 
cannot use my old excuse for not going to events, aka ‘sorry, i’m working’ - anyone got a good new one for me..? 
I’ve been called a lot worse Al. 
Happy birthday Antoinette! See DA isn't having any cake 
People be having 100k followers and automatically get to talk on panels and get sponsored 
Vid Squad (Just need to get Alex now 
 that Noveliss joint was hard! It would've been easier for me to find out more about him if y'all spelled his name right in the show notes. In the process of searching I did find a lot of cool Indians, but they ain't have bars tho 
When u should just listen and not spk. 
Another awesome golf day 
Mr Price v Ms Merrick. 
I can’t breathe... 
This dog's reaction to lemon is brilliant 
LAUGH NOW FLY LATER 
My phone bill will be high this month.. only 1 person to vote for the trials 
Part 3: We challenge 
Safe travels as champions. Hope you enjoyed watching us win it all 
Chargers DE Joey Bosa with, what is perhaps, the most unique description of Cowboys LT Tyron Smith 
And it's official my boss 
This will always be one of the worst game show answers 
Today I'm hearing about equity markets. For an hour! Kill me now 
Olivia's sister and mum 
Morning Freestyle Part 3 (lol low battery came on halfway through) 
I feel like i started all this 
Rah how we gonna miss 
I open this huge box and then my face floats out of it! 
 is fun for football. Glad he's on our team. 
Happy Twitterversary!! I joined at 
Very gorgeous 3yo jumping beautifully but then throwing a few shapes 
I still can’t get over how Harvey Dent didn’t recognize the Joker until he took off his mask. 
The best Dog video you'll ever watch 
Really nailed that candy corn description, 
From commissioner to commentator?! 
I literally hit my friends with a “bro” text and they already know to face time me bc I’m mad as fuck and need to vent 
It’s 2:27 p.m. and this is the sock I have unknowingly had stuck in my pant leg all day. I’m doing so well. 
Remember when people compared Joe Hart to David De Gea? 
The lack of capitalisation is making my teeth hurt 
14 years ago today, post game memories. Actual photographs how strange!!!!
People who laugh so hard at their own jokes that they cant even finish the joke because they’re laughing so hard are my favorite kind of people 
Had to do my performance covering one eye! 
Everton's shirt sleeve sponsor is Angry Birds 
So an UNELECTED MONARCH has been wheeled out by 
New video! - Gaming with a Lightsaber! 
Popping fairy bread made for some hard working kids behind the scenes 
Tough match today v oli lines. Great player and an even better guy. Not much in it at all but just happy to be on the right side of it. Maybe now being the 4th highest seed left I’ll be on tv next round 
Huge congrats! I remember when we were both around 130k, now im at 132k and you are at 200k 
“ I’m running away “ 
Playing something soft and atmospheric on the piano. Willow comes and sits next to me and farts 
We love when the contestants use Mr. Wonderful's words against him. RT @swcentz: 
It’s the Hollywood style budget and production values that I tune in for!! 
 in all honesty, I dunno wtf we were doing here... 
Is it too early to put up Christmas decorations in the classroom?...asking for a friend 
I see u found ur match 
This couldn't have been better timed tbh - bottlers 
you can tell fab respects jadakiss 
I dont care what anyone says this joke was pure gold
Tell your girl she's beautiful cause them niggas at the gas station gon do it 
We really had you fooled but it's time to announce: I am actually 2017’s Sexiest Man Alive! 
Watching Rose McIver’s Christmas movie and yo 
I still can’t believe that people actually listen to us 
Some one is not happy that I woke her up. 
When you’re number 1 in RPI and that direct deposit hits 
Hey MTA got one thng right for once 
Everyone's getting nose jobs and cheek bone jobs or whatever it's called and lip jobs n what not ! How do we recognise you guys ?! 
Lol don’t do this when I’m high 
The best hug I've had all year 
My wife- it’s too bad racing isn’t like the boardwalk where you can trade in two 2nd place prizes for a 1st place prize 
Omg this made my already perfect day that much better! 
We'll have his people contact your people. 
Meanwhile in Abu Dhabi.... Never get too big for your boots 
Hahaha John Terry's mam there 
Method man playing lacrosse against 
Aye I’m pretty a big deal in Wellingborough, sold out sharpish! 
He's behind you!!!???
I went to Barnes & Noble to buy "The Art of the Deal."The cashier told me Trump's racist and I asked her for evidence.  She said nothing... 
280 characters to talk more shit 
i think that's 5ft but what do i know 
How can people hide shit
 is the type of woman who would accuse you of rape for not reading her horrid 
Welcome to the ’17-18 Lake Show 
Thank you.. what a fat little baby
Cameraman has a meltdown when a MARTA bus gets in the shot of his Georgia Dome collapse video. 
When u have NO standards 
"Living on coca cola budget, Owa lonra rosey" 
A whole new kind of challenge for 
The moment you set your notification sound as the lads saying 'Doomdah' & it goes off quite a lot... Dad: Haven't you had enough of that now?!Mum: Don't worry it's just a fad it'll change in a few daysMe: Sorry but 
The freedom of Deptford will be granted to the first person to spot a black cab here 
This time last year we put it on Pole in Macau at our very first attempt!!The most impressive circuit and place I have ever been to! I was fairly happy about that lap too as you can probably hear 
When you're a roadman with kids, it only makes sense... 
Revival of Uk Funky coming at you like ..... 
Today I went to the Composer's Mecca, Remote Control Productions. Hans Zimmer's studio! How long should I hang around outside before someone invites me in? 
2 Wu Tang Mixtape features check the track lists 
Looking for the perfect gift for your single friend? Avon has it covered. 
The fact that people are so envious of my music that they copy it, makes me laugh 
Catch me doing moves like this on stage on Friday 
Play time...? 
Hey Friday whatup g!!!! Missed you as always. Already know you had a good day 
He's makes my life.... 
Arian Foster doesn't care who you are, he'll call you out even if you're his teammate 
And Anaesthesia (can't upset 
Sit in restaurant, order 4 pizzasWaiter: “Are you waiting on more people?”No.Waiter: *dies* “oh”Remembers photoshoot tomorrow 
So far I’m having a cracking day! My ‘don’t forget to smile’ travel cup really works 
These Pokemon NPCs always remind me of Sigma from ZTD - they’re even doing the same hand movement 
We Be Kickin It And Shit
 best film ever. 
When I'm tweeting lyrics that's when you know 
 in 1999...Pete Sampras bt. 
 I'm READY for work G! The Return of the one and only 
Nice freehand painting just looking 
I can’t decide if I like this pic or not... do y’all like it or do l look too sad/mean??? Whatever the case, makeup on me by me.  Photo of me by me. ME game strong 
THERES ALWAYS THAT ONE CUNT 
A true pragmatist if not a connoisseur 
Gotta love a filter 
When I walk on crunchy orange leaves a bit wet from the rain.... it makes me hungry.. for cornflakes..Is that just me or anyone else??
Wen u sing really high n annoy people early morning 
Yahoo Guys using a lady's profile to send me friend requests, CONTINUE. I'm never a ladies freak. YOU CAN'T SCAM ME!!! 
my friend went up to a girl at a bar and said “i’m a 7, i think you’re a 7, so we already have an immediate connection” — he said she was pissed bc she said she was a 10. somehow, someway he thought that was a good pick up line! hahahaha 
"Gutted"about the last couple of daysOne thing I can stomach is being back home with my girls 
Mike Leach gives me life 
“Big headed freak” 
Lol... No I meant people at the track!!! I have (1) 2" critter too. 
"Lions, they don't recover like humans.""We're doing the lions thing again, yeah?"
After all, they have members all across the globe, right? 
Just realised I'm seeing 
Fucking jobworths!! Why do stewards think there bad
Oh.... Oh dear Amir.... You really are making this too easy, come on!!! 
QUALITY: Spurs fans chant 
I’m totally in a festive mood (since June when I developed this recipe 
Be prepared to laugh, to cry, and to be enlightened 
RT if Bryce Harper’s Instagram is pissing you off 
Don't let anyone take you for a keema naan 
Quick walk to get his sea legs. 
Very provocative like you Bagonza.  Why wouldn't you like him?  
Multiple failed attempts at using the “portrait” feature yielded these classics 
Some intense sex scene came on I tried to change the channel my mum said ‘leave it, I’m sure you’ve all done this before. Nothing new’ 
“Mother Nature showed up to celebrate our book launch tomorrow” - Fred 
You would deffo hate my djing then 
If I walked in on somebody having surgery and said dr maybe should start your incision here lol that dr would look at me crazy 
Another day another hotel....and I'm not sure who St Anthony is but I'm staying in his suite! Was he the patron saint of pine furniture? 
Wasn’t Serra talking like they was gonna win??
Have you seen a couple more perfect or stylish as them ? I think not 
Let's go magic!!! ba, ba, bada BA!!!!
I knew you were multitalented but dam girl 
We're so like the sex and the city girls... 
“university of Miami is not in Miami, it’s not even in Florida” wise words from 
Who are they?? Not a clue 
I LOVE THAT GUY!!!!!!  I can so relate!  I also love the guy who grabs his glasses and suddenly puts them on like "NO WAY!!! Is that who I think it is???"  
Sometimes your friends or your loved ones need a leg up. Or maybe in this case, they need a booty up. 
 Of course, or if you’re lucky you might get through just in time to start the beginning of the dance, The Finger Blaster! 
These guys been wildin lmao
Facebook just reminded me of that one time I got Daigo Umehara down to half-health at 
How do you pass the time while on your way to the official launch of the 
Hey cowboy sick ass Mohock!! O wait your hair just grow in all bad ass like that
BREAKING NEWSPortal bans ‘Whoomp there it is’ from all events.
You can't really blame Zeb for wanting to finish this mission asap when you consider his "civilian" outfit. 
When yo man find out the truth 
 I had an “ABC on ciabatta bread” btw
Never seen this steve, the one i know is thick 
This My Nintendo interactive is awesome! 
Our thoughts exactly. 
Awkward conversation of the day: Our wedding planner told Darcy how much she looked like Devon 
It’s wrestling season .. which means we gonna see a whole bunch of refs doin this 
  coz it wasn't cold enough 
ᴰᴬᵀᴱ ᴺᴵᴳᴴᵀ ᵂᴱ ᴮᴿᴬᴺᶜᴴᴱᴰ ᴼᵁᵀ ᵀᴼ ᴺᴬᴺᴰᴼˢ 
This guy just said "on a lighter note..." but there was not even a hint of laughter at the end of his punchline. He must not change his job 
Ricky just said "I can't wait to wife that ass" and I thought he said "I can't wait to wipe that ass" 
The Galway Team making an appearance - "is this the real Liam McCarthy?" 
Imagine Jeff Mills banging it out live on a small boutique TR-09
When biggie threw a water bottle at dj kap LMFAOOOO 
Made a start at the new “unofficial” music vid for 
"Princess Dianna was everyone's sweetheart""Yeah she had to die first for that to happen"
This has done the rounds ... but worth a reminder whilst he squeals!!! 
95 % off and maybe someone would buy 
In need of a mid week laugh 
Why are club Resident djs always fighting to play during a Guest Dj's set?!
What an absolute sound guy 
Me and the boys on site today. mardiniconstructions nowhere to be seen
Hahahahaha this is great and why everyone loves 
When 2k starts lagging 
 I still remember the "Grime Files Vol 1" tape, congratulations  
Why is it all old men love waking round with their todgers out in the gym changing rooms 
LOL....The end...goodness 
Fucking phone switches itself back to Mauritius time zone so I get ready for work at 4am instead of 8.... 
When your teacher is also the school drug dealer smdh 
I AM DEAD AND BURIED IN WOODLANDS 
I agree with the class part 100 percent but 
Hahahahaha...mate had me in stitches 
This happened today. 
Lakers fans are so blind lmao. Lonzo is almost averaging a short stack triple double with terrible percentages and Ben Simmons is averaging a quiet almost 20/10/10 season but all they see is Lonzo 
I swear this video killed me...I had no idea that I was that bad in high school 
Oh lord... Im in college the next day and the last trip took days to recover from !! 
Still dreaming! Thanks to all the fans for the support and haha sorry 
I’m barely on chapter 1 and I love this book already.  I needed Jazz Bashara in my life. 
What ...us Twins both in shorts! 
Hit the "BACK IT UP" button... on your 
Thanks! I just want the adoration of millions. IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK?!?? 
‘Will + Bea 4eva’ Will showing his artistic side 
When it’s picture day at school and you’re just a tad too excited about it. 
He fell asleep opening his door...!
10 SLEEPS until we deliver a unique Christmas Pantomime for families to enjoy at 
Been saving this one for a rainy day. 
 can we please get an appearance lapho 
Leatherhead FC 3-2 Billericay Town FC 
I’ll be driving for a few hours today...anyone know if 
Maybe weigh your blessings instead? 
I can’t stop laughing Mika!!!!
Happy Friday you gorgeous bunch! The edit on my Parisian Birthday is live and kicking. I'm officially in my late 20s and feeling pretty fragile about the fact, so show some support 
Yep that's definitely supposed to say contract 
 She clearly has not read Guptaleaks before her appearance. Can I suggest the Eskom folder as a start... 
Little kitty in the big city! NYC bound with 
Aunty gbemi is d head girl of bad gang 
Not all heroes wear capes 
Fans of these clubs call the Scottish premiership a pub league 
I’m convinced Mariah Carey has ruined Christmas. Alli want for Christmas is for her to shut the fuck up 
Lmao are yena odula malineng so he's planning to move because even police are not looking after him
We are predicting that you've met at least ONE of these 
And "Granny's added Poke."?? Too good. I want some of that. 
When you and your BFF switch on the charm because your desperate for a bf and anyone will do... 
They could have waited till my hair grow back
List 3 players from UC Davis in the NFL... don’t worry I’ll wait! 
'do you know who I am treacle?' bruh I'm dying 
Good luck to all the boys the next 2 weeks playing 
Dermot Kennedy’s songwriting is just so fucking god damn perfect, I may as well just give up music 
The coriander of comedy!!! Amazing 
Today would have been my parents wedding anniversary. Mum just handed me a glass of prosecco. “What’s this for?” “We’re celebrating my no longer being married to your dad.” 
No Wichita State slander on my timeline 
 but seriously why are u like This? 
Your MCM's pastor will collect it and register the plate number with "I tithe" 
Happy Birthday Britney Spears! Happy Birthday, Britney Spears! Oops, we did it again 
What’s wrong w u 
Aaawww Laaaaawd!!! What a "Terrible West" Africa.Tag his name if you relate
Can you do a better Brummie accent than the stars of 
I'm pretty sure we could have got a few more candles out @jayarcherblooms  
You voted for a comedy scene yesterday. 
Possibly one of my all time favourites from 
Clients got me giving them wake up calls before their appointments I swear other docs don’t do this 
Sometimes I do worry about the mind that lies behind these books!!
When you realize you started writing upside down and backwards. Literally. 
However you come up with your password.. make it  a good one 
Don’t let anyone take you for a keema naan enih 
Going through the photos from Industry week and this one of 
Ben pearson loves a scrap 
NSFW???? Someone marked my gluten free pizza and bread post on tumblr as not safe for work?!? 
Shout out to everyone running The Queenstown Marathon on Saturday! May your motivation be strong and your trainers comfy 
Thanks for all your messages love playing in Dublin but 
Who's in de van ??!! 
While I’m on the subject, here’s to my OG crew. Three decades and almost everyone’s hair looks better... 
Snowfall 2017 never forget! 
Yeah.. errr m.. that’s me official merch that!! 
Bad Joke Telling - 
He wants to get randy with Randy 
"Chilla Jones is boring, Clips is washed up" lol yeah ok 
When It's Monday morning and it's shoot week on location 
Dad: “He lied right to my face”Mom: “what he supposed to lie to your ass” 
Hallsy on his tweet to Selena Gomez: “Yeah that was a shot in the dark. But sometimes you need to shoot your shot.” 
That's a pretty hot triangle though. If we're gonna have a love triangle! 
The shit that happens off mic
Quality Sunday viewing 2 kick off my day 
Best wildlife photobomb selfie ever 
Now what the hell are you tryna explain 
CAUTION! SLIPPERY WHEN WET (or sweat) 
Looking forward to getting to my pod people at 
 oh pal!!!! When in doubt....do a back flip! 
Cold day...Football...Homemade Vegetable Beef Soup. Yes, that’s two back to back posts about food! 
Never a dull moment in these Facebook streets 
 “Here is your concrete cube. We don’t care if you like it. It is functional enough for your purposes. Get over yourselves.”
Mourinho Surely talking about Lukaku's fall tomorrow on the media 
This looks class! Who do I need to write a poem to get some tickets?? 
 the sesh snaps have me bad laughing 
When your physio gets involved in the session 
Now we have a dirty new stadium 
Oh I should mention-- this is a page from Lucky Penny, our book which was published by 
looooolll the most inept perv ever 
Just got my iphone x. And cant get enough of these animojis 
Man people weren't lying when they said everything goes down hill after high school 
My brother Sam (who is a 35 year old autistic man) walks into the room: "Hey Tom, is it okay to call somebody a 'two faced son of a jackal?'" ...yes it is buddy, yes it is 
Howling watching You and Mumma on 
Finally got round to trying the 
 chill i gotta dj with this guy sunday
Saturdays Murder in Mayfair saw some amazing Halloween costumes, but our favourite has to be the Trivago woman
Tonight's Celebrity Juice Halloween special has got me in stitches 
These facial expressions are out of control wow 
I am crying. Crying. 
Nah it's beef. tie up your hair, take out your earrings, we fighting 
 thank you for all the work you have done making 
Listennnn if anyone wants to wake up for a good laugh, be in the weight room at 6am tomorrow you're going to be in tears. I promise
"There's nothing more winsome about pastors fighting on Twitter. This is what it's all about."
Niggas got so faded we broke into a 4 part symphony 
No Sunday footy so Singapore races it is! Any decent mail around? Im hopeless 
“Damn I didn’t know she punched like this, I thought she was a fuckin wrestler” -
Roka and now Micky Flanagan , what a geeza 
Oh! congrats! man! Now you need to update your bio 
It seems that here in Somerset the toads have developed handles 
The UK media guy my who shoved his tongue down my throat during what I thought was a work meeting is criticising HW on Twitter 
“A graveyard of memes.” 
Chowmein and sweet & sour prok balls!!... Ha.... Balls 
Screaming at people making comments about Nina’s outfit in our backstage picks that only one pussy will be grabbing back because they think Gaga’s the only cis girl there and that me and Jamie are men 
It's a hard job but someone's got to do it 
Big fella being a bit of a loony - measured 5.6 on richter scale 
Realized 75-90% of my Snapchats start out “hey guys”, “hi guys”, “you guys”....I
I didn’t ask for these powers! 
Here are our Top 5 favourite answers from Monday night's 
... box they used for takeout..
  is the biggest liar in the  history of BB ! She makes me laugh when she lies 
This. Just this.  
Every school I go to, the kids' first question is: DO YOU KNOW 
I need people that ride for me like 
I swear if I die, don’t you dare photoshop angel wings on me 
Were you as happy as this when Neymar got booked 
So last night got a little crazy.... 
I'M THE GUY IN THE BACK 
 Cant bloody wait. Just gonna open a bottle of wine. Seems wrong not to 
I’m not even gonna respond 
One of the best mannequin challenges I've seen 
Somebody come get their dad 
"DID YOU THANK THE DOCTOR FOR BRINGING YOU INTO THIS WORLD?" Lavar Ball is PURE comedy! 
When the journalist at the state dept makes a mistake & asks about a conversation between Trump & Assad, Heather doesn't correct her. Then Heather says that the hug between Putin & Assad is "proof that Putin is putting pressure on Assad not to do another chemical attack" 
He's smooth af 
Lock up your mothers, daughters, friends and cousins...
Uncle AND his friends?! 
These yardies proper go all out
"I'm here without Harambe" 
like Iain isn’t a pussy 
Did you see our guest appearance on thewronggirlau  last night? 
"I'd rather play (golf) with a fast Manson than a slow Funkhouser" 
My six year old got on my iPhone and started sending out 
Thank god for that! Absolute joke how much these none entities are getting and poisoning the mind of the young to think reality tv is a brilliant job prospect 
That moment when you realise it’s the International Break 
Just a normal day on the job for 
Happy payday to my fellow NQTs! I have money again that's actually mine 
idk why this is funny to me but ruby says bars instead of percent
So you are implying Drake is on the Down low?  Maybe he was jealous?
Bold Buddy can't handle the stress of budget season! 
A swear in the M&S advert. Do you hear what I hear 1min 12 sec in? 
It can't be healthy how many times I've laughed at my own idiocy this morning 
today in nehiyawewin our elder taught us the verbs "to cook" and "to touch" and in true sexy nehiyaw fashion we learned how to ask: "can you cook me bannock and then touch me?"  nehiyawak know how to do sexy 
Gia singing on her dads show 
When they can't figure out how it works 
Awa on yer bizzum and play some Bizzumbaw 
BroncoCountry and players maybe WE need a turnover chain!
My boy yesterday ‘you’ve heard of good cop, bad cop right? Well what you need is Mum cop, then you’ll just confess all’ 
Enjoy #2 of our Video 
What do I win ? I ain't got the last one yet 
Yes we’ll stick to Wednesday, we just got excited with first ep 
its like you need google maps to find kiosks selling food and beverages 
This will 10000% also be me when 
This will make you feel better about your Monday 
U deeven know the half 
Muay thai sock to the face 
Loving our new press shots 
Just found out I was a pointless answer on 'pointless' (funny that 
Ricky bobby come slap me because I
Popped a zit on the triangle of death on my face... pray for me 
We're in stitches watching 
Great last prediction for sure 
So the ALevel results got his attention for 5 minutes and this kept @dxnwiseman busy all day 
Time well spent! 
Mood every day after work 
I told you I used to be blond! Here is the proof 
 So cute, she stopped me from playing mvci. 
Judathan?!? Do you know something that I don't.. 
The apprentice is in charge of catching the dust. 
Makes the best TV! 
Thought he had been shot in the hand by a bazooka 
In a batch of 36, only one woman is part of Wuchang Institute of Technology's Mechanical Manufacturing graduating class. So instead of making her blend in, they chose to make her stand out for their class photos. 
“ When They Start Shooting At The Club “ 
Guys going on about poppies and Britain's sacrifice during WWII, then heading over to join fascists and white nationalists for a knees up.It's really quite funny when you think about it. It's as if it was all for nothing. 
You are paying me what?! 
I wanna see an overhead view of the first one 
In honor of this year’s 
Us?!?!  Never! 
Do I miss being in show shape and shredded? Nah, not really. 
 last year all of our decorations ended up at the top of the tree due to this little man, hoping for things to be left alone this year now he’s a bit older! 
Ha ha sounds like pressure for you 
He should know that Content always come first 
Thats the truth!! 
“You know, there is a member of Congress who has been supportive of women for many, many years. He is quiet, he is confident, he is powerful, but he has impeccable integrity on all of our issues.”—Maxine Waters on John Conyers October 28, 2017 
Thanks but I could never! 
MEME OF THE MONTH!!!It's Funny how pictures blow these days 
When I say "odikwa" you say...
Its actually baby Nomi  (short for nomination) not Naomi
Breaking news: IKEA re-names this child-eating chair the 
I just wanna walk around 
Cannot wait to see you smash it in blue next season, just not when your against us 
Come along to Walking Netball at The Acorn Centre Torquay tomorrow 9.30am or Parkfield Paignton on Thurs 9.30am and giggle like these ladies 
Michigan State pulling a C9 in the 
 wouldn’t want it any other way.
I squirrel just half way crawled into my lap in Madison Square Park
Just registered to vote after watching this 
Tap out due to strikes. 
Back home from work - need to take Sherlock out for a walk - it’s raining outside and I think Sherlock has decided it’s ok to miss the walk and just have his tea 
No children were harmed in the making of this video - great splits though. One for the bloopers reel 
Has your cat ever taken over your phone camera? Looks like foster baby Fizz is the master of selfies... 
Such a gorgeous apron, problem is I save it for best as I don't like to get it dirty it's so beautiful! 
Gunna start sending both formats from now on i think,zips are gunna be massive tho 
A nap would be nice.. 
"Your under citizens arrest get ready to die" loooool
Corey Kluber displays his characteristic range of emotions upon hearing he won the 
If you ain’t making a mess you ain’t living! Go hard or go home bitchesss 
We got Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg to pull Christmas Crackers for the first time. Such legends 
but hold up y'all my mom made it on the news!! Your 23 years of raising me just paid off again, she's lowkey hype
CBs were bullies vs the Cowboys
Chubb Being Chubb you gotta Love It!!!
The nation can breathe again. 
Great Exercise&Heath field trip to the Clent Hills last Friday, even if we did get lost 
Ivy Mae does not like the top lip 
LOL! I posted this in such a flurry of YAAAAAS! John Cusack Disney Proletariat!!! I did not even note that it’s from 
Me and Loz was on next level annoyingness today 
Front page of the Telford Journal says it all! New bats arrive at Exotic Zoo... and owner looks like an idiot 
Loved smacking him the whole night 
 nice to know the “Jackal” has found his bite ! You Looked like a lost puppy more than a wild dog last night Pal...Don’t lose your balls this time and delete/remove this one Carlos So, 
“Sorry! I keep doing oohs and ahhs.” 
Client told us to choose video conferencing tool and that they would join w video and dial in w phone because they always find audio quality to be crap. I set the call up with 
An inkers point of view. Right behind first class. 
Who said we can't jump 
"I feel so spicy and juicy. Oh God I'm weird." 
Good news everyone! The new Game/Life Balance Australia podcast is out! It's... sobering. Mostly because I'm sober for this one 
Why I hate being on public transport 
for all the boys in the Behne's basement from the hawks 
This nigga Rich the Kid’s interviews be funny as hell 
Think I'm obsessed with Dua Lipa 'New Rules' Records ahah think I've listen to every version going today 
This is a SoundCloud civil war! 
Man don't want that MUAY THAI KICK TO THE FACE!!! 
We don't know what this is...but our love for it just won't quit 
Looks like the smell of fear to us 
Tweet R.Kelly he got the answers sway 
I’m pushin kids out the way for my ticket period. 
BABES BUY YOUR DAMN TICKETS BEFORE IT SELLS OUT I WANT YOU ALL THERE! 
I mean, are you really a blogger if you don’t wear your jacket on your shoulders 
Just raged to some thief at a fish market 
"No Ryan, I'll get hives" 
"The average Common Market official - he has the organising ability of the Italians, the flexibility of the Germans and the modesty of the French. And that's topped up by the imagination of the Belgians, the generosity of the Dutch and the intelligence of the Irish." 
Your spouse shall not have any say in any home goods. That's my philosophy! 
 “It’s the Ryan household. You know what you’re getting into”.  
Slowest player sponge has ever worked for
I can't stop laughing...
I love Gus Johnson 
On Wednesdays, we TAKE CLASS!
Great night last night / this morning with 
It's always the ugly ones posting +100 pics a day.. 
Working the day before Thanksgiving... this should be a fun shift 
I seen this retweet and threw my phone at the wall and now it's broke but I'm still too gassed 
OMG. This thread. It is so much more than a meme 
I mean Pro Bro has got some big shoes to fill after having me on 
They taste devine like little liquorice drops from heaven 
 and I’m the gay one 
Chad seems as clueless about the Big Brother experience as Jackie Stallone was and we know how that ended 
Travis Scott was lit...
So I've come on twitter quickly to see my timeline full of Theo getting Roasted 
Nowhere Fast, loving it. 
At customs at Heathrow (thin) and some elderly lady from Australia just came in to try to declare some nuts and some worthers original 
I'm "Reclaiming My Time" back on 
I don’t think anyone fell for this...
“Don’t let the b*stards get away with it!” 
Here is a picture of the Sky Wars tournament I played in yesterday.. predictably I came stone dead last 
Rookie dance-offs never disappoint 
Clearly i do 2 you decided to reply to my own person opinion 
Although he gets on base a lot - like a WHOLE LOT - feel like we’ve seen this from 
There's money at the end of the tunnel! 
Pretty sure yall already know, but changing nappies ain't the most fun thing I've ever had to do. Only another 15,000 more times to go 
When you give Black People the Internet 
"THAT'S A 50" 
Atleast we are not causing trouble around the world... 
Have you ever seen such a confused 
I’m forreal best friend 
I didn’t help with the moving, but I cooked! 
Hahaha I'm actually okay with that 
So apparently, an injury caused in the gym is called a gym-jury 
At the end of the day we should only kill animals for good reasons out of respect. Either for our or sum one else’s safety or to eat not for fun and to keep there body parts cause if it were like this what stops me from killing any living form including humans
My boy is really a DEMON 
Myself & my family are in the background of your pic! Lol 
Bloody moon boots mate 
Chris & Dom as The Krankies is VERY disturbing. (and FAN-DABBY-DOZY!) 
Shoot around for a 130pm game 
Don't need nothing in return, do it for the love -Dont come around me being selfish
“We don’t wait for seconds! NEVER!” 
 This is the best thing I’ve seen today.
If you need any fantasy advice, get at me 
This track has been an on repeat fav from the old days when it was called Mahnhole 
Ha ha, me too love... 
I scored the coolest wooden nativity puzzle from my mom. You snooze ya lose siblings. 
One of the best photo bombs I've seen in a while...crying! 
You better not miss that bus 
Throwback to when these Newcastle fans stole an Arsenal fans scarf. 
I love airports cos the rules of society don’t apply. Eat pizza and drink alcohol at 7am in a tracksuit... NO ONE CARES 
Yeah dude, very worthy condender. Always get excited when I hear you're on. And I like to think, I know stuff! 
When the quiz is that busy that you have to bring out the emergency chairs!! 
incorrect Joe. On it Saturday handling the crisis hotline for some poshies
We didn’t plan on coming together but both called each other an hour before the show to see if the other wanted to go with
 just gave us taste of December in less than 5 min. Yazi lo December uzoba nzima guys
I like to open doors so people can go through them. Many before me have pulled it shut after them, locked it, swallowed the key, even when they shit it out, they re-ate it 
Ian Bagg, making miracles happen one show at a time 
 at least I don’t need extra make up!
If I see an adult sucking they teeth in adult hood I might Spaz on you 
I don't know what I would do if bobs burgers didn't exist. 
Simon, your face says it all after trying our Milkshake Stout this morning.  
Mum I know you read my tweets to see where I am if I haven’t called yet, please could I have this for Christmas?!  I know it will be 
 I'll get practising 
Thank you. Cannot wait to try. Will have to hide from 
I’m more angry at life than a bitch ass white bigot with a tiki torch... 
Got them skills frm the last 5 secs of counting in hide and go seek. 
Steph curry got dreads now
The fam actually having something this year so you know it's bout to be dumb lit 
LOOK AT HIS EYES! 
Everyone meet my friend Jesse Mill
When your mum texts you to leave your brother alone 
- hey let me copy ur homework- okay but don't make it too obvious...
Got a promotion at work the other day. Look mum, I made the actual website.Not sure why I’m leaning like that tho - have never struck that pose before 
When you love crazy niggas... 
So bad when all you think of when you buy new clothes is "Can't wait to get a photo in that" 
The "I'm only going down the road" load 
Good point always pissed Ben!
What a fun dance!!!Had a great time on that dance floor tonight!May be lacking some technique but you have to enjoy the moment
PSA about OGFam. We're not dead bitches. 
Reminder: It’s the 17 best prosecutors in America versus guys that tried to collude with Russia using Facebook Messenger.Place your bets.
Our membership executive Theo has not been at his desk much lately. These hidden cameras have caught him red-handed 
tfw u realize u married someone as fastidious as u are about semantics 
When the day just started and you've already had enough 
surprisingly I got used to not having a home button in about 5 mins. this also feels v fast coming from the 6+ 
Amazing television and amazing catch phrases, 
Took me a solid hour to find out how to get that GIF compressed to under 5mb ffs 
He got so scared his knees buckled 
All ready for her first finals day 
Any parents ever have this moment? Literally LOLing 
Wish people would check their appearance before giving Aggro to the supporters bus, Stockport is full of Jeremy Kyle specials 
That time I ran into Clayton again since highschool 
Twitter- Guaranteed worldwide next day delivery
Playing those sweet UKG lullabies 
I’m fucking crying 
So I got a new tattoo today and my tattoo artist was saying "tattoos last longer than relationships" and he couldn't be more right
Ah ha.... that’s where baby carrots come from 
This monkey was really throwing hands 
 had a great dunk tonight! Love you BFF even though you mad 
This time next week, Morgan and I will be on the 
This pool player's interview on Sky Sports 
I've been boycotting his show for a while 
Got a notification from LinkedIn telling me 65% of people who searched me this week are personal stylists. Now I'm paranoid I need to start dressing better 
I do! Every Christmas and sometimes just because 
Bruh did you really just tag the police? 
This legend is in the premier league and got married...I don't even know how to write a cheque 
If you watched PS4 @ 4 yesterday you know that we were missing the intro sequence. Well 
Forget "dramatic chipmunk" - this rock hyrax really brings the drama. 
Recent trip to Asia was amazing. I got to try this on in South Korea. I think I’ll walk out with this on next time. 
Jake Paul just always does stupid shit. 
My g! Stop looking so good in my hat 
 my daughter as Mrs Brown for Halloween 
The new pre-sale discount is the post-ICO dump 
Apparently the BBC documentary 'Labour, the summer that changed everything' was originally meant be called 'The day Labour died' or something to that effect. They wld have got away with it too, if it hadn't been for those 13 million meddling voters. 
When you get dunked on by a fan 
Stop what you're doing, the best football clip you'll see today is here... 
"If that happens to me, I'm gonna fake a hamstring pull!" -
Randy Orton is me when I have kids 
I gave em away after the game brudda
Happy surprises are something we've come to expect in our 2017 Wine Champions case, but this is a new one! 
 skitting!..ya see, everything else about you is just perfect 
Lol what hotel is that Ry?! 
When you go shopping for babyclothing, see a very cute sweater, but realize you really can't give this to a baby in RSA 
The vlog is trash just a heads up 
 This Kurt Angle fan does it better than I do. 
"89-Year-Old Japanese Grandma (Kimiko Nishimoto) Discovers Photography, Can’t Stop Taking Hilarious Self-Portraits Now"probably me as a grandma 
Seriously over this miniature tv that's replaced my usual as it's off for repair!! Can't see shit, feel like I'm sat about thirty forty yard away!! Last paint job went well, as you can see I didn't take tv off when it was done 
Just trying to help keep you on the right time zone buddy 
The commentary to this horrible error 
" Hey mom look at me " 
Friend just quoted sister Charity's mwegye grade.
And wild i got. 
Go watch that new video ! 
Can't go a day without watching this. 
Apparently EVERYONE plays bingo on holiday 
 I’ll pay every dollar I ever make for the rest of my life if you ever decide to do a super show including music stand up and probably magic considering you’re like Jesus. Like I don’t even have to make it I just want it to happen. But tickets would be sick too 
Or put it up for sale and caption it: Wedding dress for sale, worn once by mistake.. 
It's only right that I tweet when 
She saved them as "food".. nah, im done 
Actually this was one of my fave Ronan quotes. AND I consider myself a staunch feminist. That lady needs to try a bit harder 
I just took a jacuzzi bath with 
Would anyone be interested in buying this one of a kind (
Sul'iss sap chill ca s'adda fa. 
My frickin' guy! (This was a dead street, we weren't stopping traffic 
This kid is a legend. 
Off the dome grime?? 
Juat about to start my nightshift... Get me through it please 
Massive congratulations to Tanya Murshed of 
 that’s how I feel about you lot every game with your strikers
Ever seen this side of coach Mac? Helpful, yet assertive! 
I definitely rambled less and went off on fewer tangents! 
Good morning!Random: I'm not feeling my new 
Fun filled night! Writing songs about avatars 
Seeing that new mickey mouse snapchat filter made me jump all around the room like a 5-year-old kid 
When you're gearing up to see 
So many things are happening in this picture 
Bruh I'm weak 
Stephen Colbert eating wings 110x hotter than a jalapeño on The Late Show we really made it 
I wanted to wave to the #95, and thought 
A MUST LISTEN interview for any 
This makes me evaluate why we’re best friends 
The look says it all! 
Educated the kids on Queen and The Cure tonight! Our son now wants to be Freddie Mercury for Halloween..I’d like to call it a success! 
For some weird reason, though seven flat moves and eight years, I have kept hold of (passive?) aggressive notes between my old flatmates in halls and they're making me HOWL
What a stupid person.
Yea i heard your "if's" on 
Very good watch, mad funny 
“Is there such a thing as cursive calligraphy?” No such thing as a stupid question right...right?
Dozens and dozens? My mom must have been stuffing the ballot box again!! 
“Haven’t you enough typing done today?” Poor old Ned, 98 years old, married 73 and still getting given out to for nothing! 
Love it lee, great dive mate, a shirts yours if you want one still 
What's ET doing sitting in my garage 
 stoked about the Wilmington, NC announcement! I know 
When you see bae walk by in booty shorts 
Eugene testing out the flying turtle. 
Spent the last day of summer 2017 climbing this beauty in a down coat 
Messy start after tea for Richie here 
News is 'officially' out! 
Fake news is now affecting reports from the West End! 
Oi!! Where’s our copy?? 
 thank you for your free WiFi!! 
We had an absolute blast discussing flirting, cheating and open marriages in our "Hot Topics" with none other than 
In the morning, I will welcome the laser into my skull and my eyes will be forever changed. If there is anything you want these ol’ peepers to see before they get the zap, best say it now. 
“Major book request” just in from my dad 
 When a Woman put that fear of God in you tho..... 
The ruthless son of a ...... 
Palace fans chanting "We're fucking shit" 
Yaka-ko being pitched complete with the song 'Amasanyalaze negagenda' 
Find someone who’s as happy to see you as 
I’ve met a few snakes in my time so think I’d be fine 
New heattter droppin today 
I just got an apartment that’s an 11 min walk to Grafton street and I’m fucking chuffed (not that I’ll be able to afford anything there but how and ever 
The taxi driver has just said, they were just promoting your new album on 
This is me when Wild Thoughts comes on 
We fuck with mexicans they the homies 
They’ve re done the voice at the end of the M&S ad!! 
The footage has been shared thousands of times as Glaswegians did a double take believing the city had its very own superhero 
Look what I found ! A pic of me and my first love .... my first car ever !!! 
I did get two proper photos. Look 
Ben just said it's Spice Girls day today. When I asked why he said: 'tonight is the night that 2 becomes 1' 
I've went down that line previously on crowdfunders...invariably never works 
When someone asks me how uni is going
The only thing better than the rocky music is 
@ChrissyW56 here's wishing you a run like we just had 
If only stamp duty actually had anything to do with the reason people like myself can't afford to buy a house 
Kahn squealing like a little girl - Priceless. For everything else there's 
 you know I got you bruh
I spy a prank........ 
That look when you’re so close to finishing your book and someone tries to talk to you… 
The modern day dad just has to do it all ! 
Honestly, how great r these? And they support a good cause! 2 weeks only & they're gone. My OTH inspired Christmas & Hanukkah sweaters. Get a little "Murray" this holiday season
You already know what I'm trying to do to these rude customers 
This reenactment is reason enough to buy a ticket to the Jamboree 
Social media shows u who ain't used to money. 
Maradona’s bow tie is happening 
A pretty cool Paul slo-mo video from Mark Ayuson, but we can't stop staring at Paul's hair! 
I survived my Mama’s death stare- so  maybe pick up a copy of 
Introducing Smart Arse Cars. Because Jockeys in Smart Cars makes total sense right?! 
I'm howling. Someone on Facebook marketplace is selling cooked rice for £5 a portion. COOKED. RICE. 
Yes, more funny business! 
It's 2 am and I m still awake ..Don't blame love all the time ..It just i slept in the afternoon 
"Opinions are like assholes..everyone has one" 
We love what you’ve done here 
 your face Jonathan you definitely want that ice cream 
This would be the worst! Has anybody else had their head stuck somewhere?! 
It's fun to tweet something you know is going to trigger countless liberal lunatics and SJWs, then mute the responses to that tweet so they spend all day complaining about it, but you never even get any notifications about their responses!  
Kim Kardashian likes her men, the same way she likes her coffee......without any musical talent whatsoever 
Apparently 263 pages long now. This sort of obsession is why Hibs will always be the citys wee team, regardless of performances on the pitch. Wee fans with a wee team mentality 
Always has to sit at the dinner table 
Conor McGregor switches sports, takes on the best and makes £100m.And there's still people slating him behind their keyboards 
Funny how my dog just loves to have her head out the window going 100ks an hour down the highway with the wind blowing half her head off  but as soon as I blow in her face she loses her shit 
TFW a turkey challenges you to a dance battle. 
Countdown has begun, no not for Christmas but for me to finally be a grown up(or maybe not
I've had chronic back pain for 5 years but I didn't know true pain until I listened to my BF teach his mom how to use her computer. 
I know it's not a Thursday but here's a throwback for you anyway 
Throw your hands in the air and wave ‘em like you just don’t caaaare! Not funny: this guy led police on a chase. FUNNY: dance party in the middle of 45 
A+ touchdown celebration from the CFL. 
Get in there! Let’s get this done before Xmas so 
 did you send this? You meant to be resting! 
My pops mad drunk sending me IG video DMs hating on my mom being here 
BRA!!!!! Ever finally get a song of 
When you and the squad rock up to work like this.. 
Anyone else having one of those days?
I know what im getting the kids for Christmas!!! 
 brilliant with O’Leary I make that 2-0 to you
Came across this video on YouTube and you are now officially my new favourite. Your humour had me in stitches 
Y’all cool asses deserve a new day today to go wit LNFL 
Wow 30 thousand do you know that YouTube is not his main income 
If Fabian Barthez had to go, he'd go 
First day of rehearsals that should be!!
Ansa. We are so caught up with the opinions of others we see it as a good thing when we assume these fictitious haters are upset by our daily updates of progress 
 thanks for the photo with my son Eddie, he was excited to meet you and he's now enjoying rubbing it in my eldest son Zak's face, who is gutted as he's a Saints fan 
England fan scores with a paper aeroplane at Wembley 
I’m Arsenal but I am temporarily blowing bubbles 
A Clemson fan just yelled at the ref what's the call and he said "foul" and the Clemson guy yelled back thank you 
Butler beating Ohio State is enormous for the program.Better luck next time Coach 
MOOOD!!!! Birthday in 2 hours!!! Turning 21!! 
These tweets about "House Hunters" will make you LOL! 
Started my level 2 hockey coach exam today! A massive thanks to my mentor 
The WiFi at your grandma's house is definitely whatever is on the back of the router. Stop stressing that woman 
You know your phone knows you well when it autocorrects “I’m headed back” to “I’m headed backstage”! 
The first thing I do when I hear this phrase 
When ya homie ex post her new nigga 
SIKE!!! Boy got played 
Gotta love technology 
Rhyming! Not always good.
thank you so much, i miss it all! have fun these upcoming season and try not to screw around too much haha
Jose Mourinho’s reaction to Ashley Young’s free kick 
Like I'd wear a blindfold while singing it 
When they’ve been teasing you for so long and then they get just close enough...
When someone asks me what my favorite sport is 
 Mugabe 3-0 Rest of the World
I get to call this ‘work’
 boi thought he was kickin knowledge
The ultimate horseman - 
Mum came out with another corker in response to me playing the piano "I don't know if I'm just getting old, but that actually sounds nice"
Like playing a sexist Stanley Parable 
New zone unlocked..."The someone zone"
Has to be one of my FAVORITE BITS
My maw getting excited cause 
So yep the secrets out guys! I'm in the new series of E4's 
Its 2:24 lol I shoulda went to ol gir house before i left ny... Pitstop 
Like, are we really surprised? Come on people. Once thirsty, always thirsty. 
Jheez. These guys make some mad sinister stuff 
Due to music copyrights This vid got taken down but not giving up 
You all made a brief appearance when I met Niall last week 
 everyone drink whenever Cook peaks the audio yelling! 
AAU teams look like this and you think it’s gon be cake. Then you look up and you’re down 22 and they’ve hit 10 3s with 13 minutes left in the first half 
The commentary on the first El Shaarawy goal 
Ha! I see you, 
Happy Sunday!!! 
Love it Adam makes a bomb noise to the kids 
Bought some $3 lotion at a normal grocery store in Prague for a friend. Lady at checkout said it was great for your hands. Mom bought some too and then asked me what that pretty plant was bc it seemed to be in a lot of products here. 
T R U T H.....loved you when I was 14. Love you at 30. 
YOU KNOW WHO ARE YOU 
Fourthly, it isn't "just confetti and stickers"? For both candles and the room spray you would already pay that price if it had the name Yankee Candle on it. But now that it's a Youtuber, it's ridiculous? Oh okay then. 
Oops! Did I not mention were releasing a "A Very Daily Bumps Christmas EP" this year? 
Both If I’m Honest
I ho ho hope you had a lovey Tuesday 
New product, Kiss kiss boom boom! 
Jamie Lomas reassuring Fizz (I will only ever refer to her as Fizz) is the cutest thing I've ever seen... And he is EASY ON THE EYE!!!! 
 wasn't looking for that kind of drink... 
“Stop actin like that cause you got all them muscles” 
This definitely is not true.
Thanksgiving have you like.....
Sadly it's a sick day for me from 
Nigel Owens 'If you're going to cheat then cheat fair' 
Frankly I'm in a state of 
I need this same energy off da snap this year Los 
Y'all think I'm joking when I retweet stuff like needing a date to Honolulu city lights??? Nooope I'm being deadass, slide in my dms rn
Lol the only time you’d find me screaming and jumping is when Tion wayne is playing on my life 
I say...!! 
How that drink taste? Lookin like a thirsty bum
Building courage for sea swimming  
Well thats enough internet for today, i really don’t feel like seeing ya’ll cry, whine, and complain about this shit 
YES!!!!! Enjoy guys!! What a great photo haha!! 
“How you gonna do that hockey?” 
Iconic in the first 5 seconds of seeing him 
Finally got Charlamagne’s (
My brother took this picture of someone tagging up the Netflix headquarter sign 
18 hangry body builders & the legend that is Ainsley...
If you ain't sure of the exact lyrics, don't get the tattoo innit. 
Pretty delighted that someone with a good heart is working for the government. Best of luck 
So EVERY single person or rapper who posts drug abuse publicly is crying for help? No exceptions?? NONE?? NONE are crying for attention or using it as a marketing tool? NONE?? NOT ONE??? Jesus 
Wow, "Beat Maker Go" used my Arise samples... now you can be me with this app 
Sure hope that's my shadow!!! Hahah
 Fancy popping over to Ptown for a visit... I'm sure 
GOOOOD MORNING!!Live pon di radio, talking missing my flight to Morocco, Gassing the locals, and not properly planning my trip to Manchester for 
Just found these gems on my phone, I guess Saturday night was a good one, eh? 
Got in some games today at the gym. Had a blast had to throw in a few more fakes cause these guys are quick. Mid range was on point. Now if only I could wear some basketball shoes. I’m disrespecting the game hooping in cross trainers 
congratulations to Barbara Streisand ,Julia Roberts and Donald Trump on their FIFA top 3 nomination for player of the year! 
8-0 and still 15mins left... this is ridiculous 
North London is red. 
Dude wild’n
If Ubi ever does an Australian Season, I hope it'll be something like this.
Keeping the neighbours up last night writing this song 
Many thanks! Same to you all. 
Been misquoted here. Fordy only got to play 10 shots not 10 min!
I have the realist friends lol, the other day I was late for pre drinks so they hid the bottle near the club and took pictures so I could find it 
 Us after a few mulled wines at the Christmas markets
So how is the new camera? 
Ethan the little champ loving the sharkies boys!!! 
I’d be so fucking pissed off 
Snap's song lyrics though!?!? 
We need to arrange a Christmas movie tweet up where our followers chose the best via a poll..... maybe bring that hamper too 
Mess around and imma catch a body!! (dej loaf voice)
Lmaooo I’m crying at the cut block
To all my amazing fans I’m planning my next show and inshallah it will be Bigger & Better but if you like miss it again 
Guetta & Garrix all over Dysfunctional Acid!! 
 CHIT CHAT WITH 410 FT AM & SKENGDO
 2 years and 10 million views on..we did it first lads!
Should be decent now we both aren’t starving 
A friend of mine just texted this to me........
Well... THAT was fun 
This ppl do aaa ig self verify me 
Chewy chai chocolate chunk cookies should score me an A+ in alliteration for a recipe title 
 me and my princess !!! I will NEVER have that "im a detective" mustache again 
The one and only "torch" 
a swear that’s Michael McIntyre 
Like why do people get this salty at rank 17 on day 1 of ladder reset. I don't get it. 
From @foster_furbabies: “.SPICE: FosterMommaaaa! Make him get off! ME: 
You will DIE laughing at this episode hahahahaha 
"Syd, the L word.""Lice!""No! The other L word.""Leprosy!"
*Commercial radio ad about free Thanksgiving dinner*Me: FREE DINNER?!?Coworker: That's called dating for women 
haha you guys, my brother's dog was on the cover of a magazine and this is what they wrote about him 
I've made it big! Not 1, but 2 posters now in Beyond Production recep. area, they make both shows! Poor staff 
When u send that make or break message and it comes back good 
Yep. Starting at $3.35 an hour. 
As if Jeremy Corbyn congratulated Architects on selling out Ally Pally!! I love this man so much 
Better keep yo shit on you, you never know 
Joel Embiid's trash talk knows no bounds. 
My favorite thing about this is all the replies. 
"Say cheese!!" -max, "I can't, I don't eat dairy" -me 
 who’s your favorite WWE Superstar? *if you have one* *i know it’s a weird question 
My parents both have 11 siblings each... so ya'll can understand why I don't look forward to family gatherings 'cause the intensity is multiplied 
Axel always got my back 
Retweeted Pin Gin (
You two are full of shit
Pro: Got the snug in 
I'm screaming!! Katy Stan getting brave 
Man I’m dying 
Clip of upcoming Scarface female remake!!! Starring Antonia Montana
When you’re being really childish in the car and your boyf doesn’t find you funny 
 the only reason I'm watching is for 
Psyched to see Star Creature in 
 LMAAAAAAOOOOOOOO it’s called deluded.
Y’all don’t know food ! 
ACT III OMGGGG I WAS DEFINITELY IN THERE DOIN THE WILLIE BOUNCE
Air Force Trump bout to bless the skies next year 
Here's this nightmare, brought to you in the flesh by Betty Crocker: 
"Look how massive that is! There it is next to the kettle; next to some lightswitches; next to a doorbell; next to Jude's nose" - 
I put on so many layers that I was actually kind of disappointed 
Top tip: When making anti-bicycle lane propaganda, try not to get drowned out by traffic noise 
So who scored on the Yeebras? 
Mbappe bday present from the PSG boys 
Editing a video, and I’m getting so much amusement from this 
I legit thought your email said rkellying 
Play With My Ding-A-Ling-A-Ling 
Sometimes all you can do is hump a pillow... 
The rule is simple: catch your release or... 
Ha who ain't on twitter 
Can I enjoy my moment please? 
Look how MR T bad up rocky and his chick 
The struggle is real when you're trying to figure out where to have your MC finale party. 
 lil bro jokes for the number count ! Love you lil bro
lol foreal tho.. nobody ever expected y'all to be in the game, then u look up n y'all have made like 10 3's in the first quarter
 Neil Feeny is the brightest person on campus and goes out of his way to make everyone laugh 
How I'm walking in the crib for thanksgiving tomorrow 
When bingo pays your bills 
The 70th Wedding Anniversary of The Queen and The Duke of Edinburgh. Wonder what The Queen got The Duke of Edinburgh?. 
They still can’t get hold of me 
: Luke Marlow was at his poetic best calling the win of Rhymes at Wyong today 
Just today: Liberal 
woww the end of traveling light hahah 
As though you can stop it from happening with your journal article 
Don't get a wrong impression by this picture... I'm looking more forward to theses races than you think. 
Some man need to deep that money isn't worth selling your soul, losing your way of life and ignoring what made you who you are. Id happily prefer to be underground than making dead tunes with young thug or these mumble rap dons that wear dresses and blouses 
Pretty cool morning being a chocolate ice cream in the 
Celtic the whipping boys of Europe 
I'm dead lol 
Lowkey I think Ima start using my social media to promo my friends' art 
Being forced in to watching I’m a celebrity. Boris Johnson’s old man is an absolute beauty 
Why my team mates are over 3k in twitter but im not. Comong guys IGL is important too 
I think it’s obvious by now that I only like to take photos from one side of my face 
2017 Internet defending ppl like Manson & X damn I give up 
Hey Tony... who ate all the pies?!
My wife's face when I showed her this! 
Thierry's at it again. He just can't keep his hand off 
Not only the meat was x-tra large
I've seen a lot of comments on my stories but this, this is a first 
They got a home run on the first play 
It would be awkward if we did it... but we are 100% behind you doing this for us 
I feel like every time my phone does the face recognition it’s judging the shit out of my double chin 
WOW!! Of all people that would say ‘I’m a celebrity get me out of here’I NEVER thought it would be Amir..LAST YEAR not ONE of the campmates said it.... BUT I’m happy they won’t get any food 
They grow up so fast! 
I fully almost cried on FaceTime because I get to see my two longest friends today and it didn't hit me how much I missed them 
People boldly step out and call this bullying 
"He fed him a leather sandwich!" 
As if we needed another excuse!! 
I was thinking 9 months A YEAR! 
Guess what? T1D's can eat candy! 
Patrice Evra’s kung fu kick is even better with music 
The gel they use can’t be purchased at the commissary. 
4 months ago I was paid to manage a bar.... today I was paid to build a mosaic of mo jo jo jo from the powerpuff girls out of Lego 
The dog lookin like "and I would do that shit again" 
ROH even - so excited I've got twitchy tweet fingers 
THE PLOT TWIST THO 
"Least likely to ever hear, 'That's so weird, I'm 
If you think you had a bad weekend in 
For the first time in my life I just fed a troll!! It felt good! 
Alrite boys , how's bramhall 
Although I'm not a steelers fan the ending of this video is amazing. 
Mama Never raise no fool 
Dude is going to have an aneurysm talking about the USMNT. 
If you are ever having problems with your washing machine, @ashley_raksu abs are always here on request 
Can you guys get a room already 
What If they're twins ??
Babes we all know you’ll be doing that because it’s not like anyone will be invited to watch this moment 
Man I've also been quite worried 
!!WARNING!! Very very cute clip of me performing Macavity from CATS at 
Trump & Melania is that you? 
The most Liverpool performance by Liverpool ever 
 see what happens when we let em in ??
Rugby with WWE commentary is brilliant 
 sick show so far you was just going in with the nursery rhymes 
Gibby staying close to Wolfgang as she learns to jump on the strings 
But then again, don't HSers think everything adults do is weird? 
Evra with the kick to the head!! 
Scoring a goal and looking for a high five from the other bench.. cocky I
Why did I just celebrate like a nutter in a public library 
Why send one big text when you can be annoying and send 10 small ones 
Are Student Loan having me on? 
The face you put when you find out you're officially a magpie! 
We love our new pants! 
This house is full of jealous Micks tonight 
Another great night of comedy from 
Karren Brady on the Apprentice every week taking the piss out of the contestants decision making then she goes & hires David Moyes. 
Best wee team in Ayrshire 
How did we miss this the first time around ... the Night King has a caddy 
Everyone wearing a fire helmet participated in IAFF’s Fire Ops 101. 
that pussy got a smell but ima fuck though 
Quick! Someone call 
Think the PACman has found his new favourite spot & making his own wee bed 
Some people just know what to say . To make me go easy on them 
Have you made your Thanksgiving plans? 
Jay AJAYI got ROASTED on the sidelines after his 71 yard run for getting caught 
I mean, it’s just right 
I saw a great sight after coming in from college! 
I’ll break my pad just for you 
Watch what happens when we try to put chocolate in a corn dog machine 
Thank you for the support! Tell a friend to tell a friend! 
Football fans around the globe, feel free to change 
Need something to do during the int. weekend? Stevie G & co are playing at the 
Tiger didn't feel like watching many of his tee shots on Friday. 
 Drago discovered the VersaClimber long before LeBron and the Cavs 
Thanks Declan. Not sure that would get past the 
Watch how many ppl get one of these at Christmas n them call themselves a DJ 2 weeks later 
Having fun doing some workshopping and filming with 
Let em know Mike! 
My girlfriend went to a "life drawing class" on a hen do the other day... what is this pose?? 
Reserves enjoy a day off while the firsts travel to Honiton. 
Lol,Chris how do u like your eggs?? 
Proof the world isn't flat 
When media asked for an interview ... you make sure to use the word “lit” in your sentence to show em’ you ain’t no rookie 
 iconn4thgenna (get_repost)・・・
Social Media Influencers (A Sketch by Tara & Sasha) 
just wanted to see if it came back 
 can't stop watching it
Some random number just inspired me to turn my life around 
Modelling Ellesse swim shorts 
When guys rub on my clit and vagina like they’re scrubbing dishes 
Y’all know that we’re the *unofficial* Maxine Waters street team, right? 
How I'm curving hoes when I get a girl 
This date is still better than half the dates we've been on 
COME ON!!! One more follow and they hit 10k and I mean FREE PORN! 
 has totally ignited a fire within my friends and I to play 
Buzzing !! Great win 2-0 win tonight , scored another header 
This 47 piece on the Popeyes menu tho
Here’s a Foxy Forecast for all our 
Little snippet of my new song from the Bathroom
Aye lil bro you keep ballin on that field, put some weight behind those hits 
Celebrated his 13th birthday with a parky 5k with the flyers .......best suprise so far 
 I’d love to come in and perform “Dust in the Air” 
Kitty accidentally pressed the turbo button 
Thanks for the welcome Mr Twitter 
Haha genius. I cant wait to assume my final form. 
Aaliyah is one of them,J-Lo,Cardi b etc 
Lmao when people take my tweets seriously sorry I don’t have as much free time as I’d like to 
I love sleeping. You don't spend any money or miss anyone. 
What we programmers say vs what we mean 
Dear Theresa, it's not the number of MPs that counts it's how you use them. You have to do more with less that's all 
Say what?! I am going now 
@THE_HaMST3rTake this as a warning! Here is what I have in store for you if I see one more "Don't worry be happy" quote 
This Ferg storyline has me like 
 when you hit the spin before the drop I knew you were about to snap king 
We've got to go with 
I’d be hella mad 
  lol “leave room for Jesus” then we get down to candy shop until the realized wtf it was about 
I'm pleased you like it grandad 
When you put your new costume on and can't actually fit down the hallway to the mirror! 
Funniest thing I’ve seen all day 
She doesn't have rights to it anymore, are you joking me 
Lol Kevin trys to do Thanksgiving dinner by himself 
Unfortunately couldn't make it, But thank you 
DON’T GUNGE ME!! 
To see the handsome devil 
This is when you think you're going to bed...... to sleep!! 
My bad! I don’t like losing!!! 
"Poppin' bottles! Thirsty?" 
When life knocks you down but you don't wanna give up 
She had 14 FIREMEN to help her when she was locked out of the house... in her undies! 
You have a lot of exploring to do, bro 
I’m gonna pee my pants. Oh my god. 
So guys, 2 hours before I leave for 1 month of travelling here is what my luggage currently looks like. When will I learn... 
After Bae’s only been single for a few hours, after a 37 year relationship 
Hilly Hilly Hilly Clinton 
My mum is just... fresh from completing her first aid course she shared this photo 
This even... phones and large thumbs! 
Pucker puffers to protect the perfect putters putter! 
Very relaxed the Headwater foals!! 
My son Ace wins the best costume of the family this year 
Only a matter of time till he scored, right? 
Good morning beautiful people.. It's not all glitz and glamour in the professional ball holding world 
There was no chill when making this person. 
Wow not having a voice when I have to talk to people all day for work sucks 
My dog looks stoned 
 lmao about South Bay description. Manhattan and Hermosa, so true. 
This is the best video I've ever seen 
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
 trying to be someone I think what u think 
 Kit man (and head of sweets) Dai does the dab with 
The cost of the parking space of Buhari's private jet when he was on his sick leave could have solved Nigeria's power problem
I just lied I bang DJ luke nasty whole album otw to the crib 
Outta nowhere!! 
I can’t tell you the amount of times my cape got stuck in that door 
the asymmetrical arm development from fencing is Real 
Hahah thanks Jaqs and yet neither of us look a day over 30! 
Tim from York in his natural habitat watching the trailer for Star Wars The Last Jedi! 
Tbf it was nice to be on the receiving end of the lapdance for once 
These kids nailed their Halloween costumes! 
I know already I have started looking for another job 
the egos wants to survive here so bad 
yes I was! just after I fell over out the uber 
Mike T Smith (“T” for Turkey) in Leadership today 
Hope y’all don’t notice the piece of glitter hangin out my booty. 
What? You're the only one who can bring in strays off the street? 
How black moms be during a car accident
They all look a little too happy for their king being missing 
Dis dat “Get the fuck out, The DJ ready to go” music
Saturday nights in Glasgow producing yet again
Do you know what this Pro team in Mantua, NJ did?!? Had a HUGE sale for Ring doorbells... and I mean HUGE! It was fun to celebrate with them and of course with Anita Ward as she sang “Ring My Bell”. 
 I’ve literally had my fingers crossed all morning,  doing my brows was so hard
And he's bringing little Sammy Lee with him... hahahahahaa  ...
First time trying written journalism, plz let me know what you think, thanks 
Yes, say 'hi' to our new best friend.  Third floor!   
Just been to the theatre royal to watch ‘The Salon’ absolutely hilarious 
Not quite the standards I'd got used to from 
Walking dead finale had me stood up infront of the tele for the last 20 minutes 
Out on that court tomorrow? Remember - Team work makes the dream work 
This. Was. Everything. 
 literally, the speakers are always blasting your music 
TONY VALENCIA BABY! 
I know the feeling.  
Mandal & Andrew decided to training each other on their ticket purchasing approach during their wait 
Happy international men s day!!! ( semma meme)
Colours to be revealed....you get the picture 
Get on the Madden & over come that Adversity 
When your playing partners love it,hate it and then it finishes 1ft from the pin
 you're basically an Irish me!
Just to clarify, Deano wasn’t physically watching me get out of bed today 
UCLA fans, our friendship is currently on hold until after the game. This goes for my family that are alumni and fans too. Sorry to say this now, but you were adopted. Ok bye and I’ll see you at Thanksgiving 
Yep... casually young man got some flavor.  Reub is looking pretty sharp there in blue 
My favorite is this the activist who said she had a dream two weeks ago that she stepped on Mugabe’s head 
This reminds me of a little event that happened in the dorms last year... 
“We’re brothers, we’re happy and we’re singing and we’re colored. Give me a high five!” 
Great night tonight proving once again that I'm shit at golf but excellent at drinking cocktails 
 to 2001 and my first day of school 
Ya see what happens when we work together! 
This made me laugh soooo much
When ya boy rolls up on you at a 
can't help but lol at these baby ads playing before youtube vids of trap bangorz - having a baby has really spun my algorithms into dissarray 
LMFAOOO THIS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU GIVE NIGGAS A PHONE AND INTERNET ACCESS 
I can’t with some people. I love these guys they make me fucking laugh 
Got that call of duty dlc 
 Mate, that properly made me laugh! 
Love that shelvey, that's why we don't miss you, haven't changed at all 
Engine had a mis-fire/rough running. No prizes for spotting the fault 
"I'll drop a bomb on a nigga from The Gap Band"-
Ole wet behind the ears ass nigga 
Whirlwind Waller looking like captain planet
I want to crochet but all these YouTube tutorial videos go too fast 
I had to pop this pimple 3 different times over the last couple weeks and the first time a dermatologist do it 
 I'm so weak @ the ending 
Consider us told! 
Lee & Karun bumped into the ever entertaining 
Glad everyone is enjoying the "football" I'm having a great time watching it on twitter 
 when did you meet David Beckham? you look young there
 Go watch your only Xmas advert for 2017. Love this boys 
If you like comedy, then you'll love this! All proceeds to ACT. 
So humbled to contribute humorous jibes on The Weekly Report. Listen and subscribe after you’re done laugh-crying 
Hmm... might be peaking too early for Nat HIll Climb champs 
"Can an app be art?" 
Ashley Young to Dele Alli: “When you win the Prem, let me know.” 
Fourth time this year getting to see 
How I remade Slide 
He just almost caught a body 
Lmfao yup ur mad 
Cant beat Gavin & Stacey
Awesome session today.... ahhhhhggg just want to release it all 
Lol bad bunny is blowing up and idk a word he saying 
For the record, managers get just as wigged out when when people on our teams drop the "can we chat for a few minutes later today?" 
When you see your boy getting stats live on snapmap! Wowee. What a time to be alive 
The last two photos 
‘it doesn’t even say what qualifications you need, I’m over qualified’ 
 All aspects of pro wrestling are fake! The only part that is real are the injuries and even that is questionable at times. If you think a multi billion $ business will leave anything to chance then you are the idiot! Everything you see is planned & coordinated. Simples!
Team Big Macc are hard at it at 
Feeling super safe between these two Mobsters that got my Back
I know I’m not an Alien too 
Mercy predictions yangu no Chelsea3 new castle 1 
Pedro Stop just hit a homerun off Anthony Rizzo. This video is golden. 
Retweet if your mum did say most of these to you... 
 When your dream became a nightmare. 
The long hair days! 
 / Congratulations to our October winner 
Lolololololol Jimmy omg this episode 
The savagery by the Orlando Magic 
WhyDidn’t I KnowYou CanTypeMore
Haha bro, tweet of 2017, Na wait. The 2000’s Na wait, tweet of twitter since twitter started 
Mr Enderby v Mr Robinson. 
Do you mean ‘The word on the street......’ 
Just gonna throw this out there... 
Thank you bro for being the ultimate JUDGE OF CREDIBILITY FOR THE WHOLE WORLD 
Yeah yeah go play hockey first 
I'm, spinning around, move out of my way 
Lol i know them cougs tired of that siren by now 
Just saw a group of lads dividing out their yokes before they head to the Ireland game. I guess this is the part where I assume it must be to make soccer more interesting? 
'He's not finished, he's 28'Greatest phone in ever 
You are hilarious! Dusky 
Can’t take a group photo without somebody dabbing these days 
That’s why it’s £12 for an upgrade you cretin
The guy just dropped Mascherano's market value by a few million £'s serious devaluation of stock value na im happen 
Nah BoJo’s dad is cracking me up already 
Another fierce expensive prop Jason... 
I'm definitely not pregnant, no 
Sometimes you just gotta go for I
Trends for vegetarian v vegan v dull shown on screen via google trends for 
Mr Thomas v Mr Robinson. 
Only in Ireland. Bar floods and they're still supping
Dee I hate u n luv u
It takes hella skills to get a win in "Flow Job" 
I’m trying not to think dirty of what these lips are saying. (I really am but it’s hard) lol 
No he didn't dress up as "Red" from Friday. 
Rookies Kobe Bryant and Keyshawn Johnson learn how to deal with media, 1996 
Question of the day???
Tag a mate who's lethal from the spot 
 lols just seeing everyone comment on this and hating bryon watching Logan 
My bro’s comment got read out on 
I'm after Keith's hat 
Know your worth fellas...
Could slide into any females DMs, instead he chose Eddie Chambers 
When you finish buying your BB haul with up to 30% off 
what is keith sweat doing with 21 savage 
Why bother to learn a language? Well...
After a frantic two weeks in Tralee, New York & Dublin it's back to 
Never a dull a moment with these two 
This Marseille fan got a chance to take the ceremonial kick off. And he didn’t waste it 
Our selection of jokes were very funny! 
 so true!!!!!!!!
fr. Stayed playing them
I've just checked and this is literally the only photo of us together all week 
When you come home later than you said you would 
So we’re completely ignoring contractual obligations here? Like we’re just totally throwing the legal stuff out the window because you think she could have easily disagreed? 
 D come on man put some respect on my name
I wasn’t as mad about getting spun out as I was about him calling it “Houston motor speedway” 
Great to do a little bit of teaching for some of the children in Hong Kong. Their faces when they hit one in the air was a picture 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic: "Lions, they don't recover like humans." 
How about this banter from the ref yesterday 
me: i’m literally so fucking depressed local girl: us in fifth period
If u dnt have neither Yung Bleu  "Investments" Mixtape , your not a Yung Bleu fan , your a "Miss It" groupie 
I don't know who recorded this but I cannot cope with this 
Funniest comment I seen was 'must of thought she was taking something out of the oven' 
Went for the healthy choice of cake for dessert 
Today at track: take a cool down lapStudent athlete:cool down?
Do social networks have a positive impact on US? (ironic on Twitter 
Live band just finished performing ‘You Got The Love’ and when it all goes quiet a girl asks if they know any Vybz Kartel.. Brum never changes 
After 20years of trying my luck, I finally won this 
When approaching an under contract minor directly once & being reported to the FA isn't enough....... 
My 5 year old has jus been arguing with her cousin and said “Well you’re donald trump” 
Larry David showed off his putting stroke on the 
Professor thinking like a bushman...
U freezin bro? 
Can anyone else tell this week has taken its toll on me 
Just knocked another guys phone charger out of the wall and he said he was sorry to me... def in Canada now 
One of my favourite scenes/ such a laugh and a beautiful day 
My dentist does teeth whitening I didn't know you were a real dentist lol 
Love a prowler push! 
Last night bloke at the bar congratulated me on my win.Not gonna lie, was pretty happy with getting confused for a 
Y'all love to post them lil "after dick" snaps driving down a dark ass road at 4am on a Thursday, like we don't know what you doin 
On OUR balcony!! 
Politics aside.   This thread might be the funniest thing on the internet.  
When you thought you have seen them all.. Boom a Xhosa girl with tattoo of credit card 
Look what I have... Want it?? Just follow me and retweet. I will pick a winner a week today and send it to them! Just in time for an Xmas present 
‘Tesla's recently unveiled electric truck will require equivalent power used by 4,000 homes for 1 recharge’
Celebrated my birthday with a trip to the doctors this morning following another passing out episode. I know how to party. 
Posing for weekend selfies like… 
Happy national dog day 
the fact that this is a legit tweet omg 
.. Why After Sex Niggas laugh , Look at you & Ask “ You Good “?
When it's your first day of your new job as a qualified nurse tea in this helps the nerves
WHATS YOUR FAVORITE DAMEDOT ADLIB? MINE IS WHEN HE SAY "AYEEE AYEEE AYEEE" 
Em tell Paul that is Priceless 
Ew makes me feel sick seeing that
Sarz no go kill me!!! 
It's so funny seeing them so confused... but my comments get censored....NO...but my comments...NO.....but the censors....NO...but Conservative..neutral...NO. Shush troll and agree for your own sake! 
YouTube’s got no chill! They are now deleting videos posted by Google 
I literally just fell asleep and dreamt about driving the 
That’s the one! 
Today I learned what an Australian kiss was.I laughed so much there were tears. 
What more do you want from me???? 
I like how I blocked 
I need some cooking lessons 
Uhhhhhhh she wants to talk about mothers 
Enjoying a lovely night out in Chester with the wife and guess what we're talking about!! (it has 3 wheels) 
 Wonderful nominative determinism in tomorrow's episode. 
I'd rather be a blood 
Darn, you beat me by two minutes. 
Can’t wait to watch this 
Welcome to college basketball lil bro 
He ended up in A&E as well cause it burnt his leg 
He’s also a moran who blew a 28-3 lead! 
I've got a bottle of white sauce I brought back from the US last year, now I know what to use it on! 
Get out the way Mr Thomas!!
artist george condo created multiple paintings for the 
Apparently I suck at being an IG boyfriend 
Oh no... kinda like back in the day when you put those hats on in super Mario?! I would never wish that upon you 
West Ham's formation v City this weekend. 
A bunch of 'men' arguing about sabotaging a pot plant...this is too much 
Me, walking thru Harlem on the way to my bday bash on the 25th 
Had major surgery a couple weeks back and when they brought me round I woke up singing 
Someone put this man in the hall of fame immediately 
Pay attention to how Akuma had ZERO stun before getting hit AND HE DIED!! 
Tag those people who act strong yet....
Ever used the 1:2 ratio while cooking rice and things didn't work 
As the URL implies, I Leeroy Jenkined a bit too hard in this clip. 
Even if I did have to rip up my match report when Jorge Grant smashed in the winner 
I caught Sylvie weight lifting a cucumber, so she reenacted just for you guys  
Thank you Taika Waititi for introducing Korg into my life 
I can still find somewhere to get muddy even in London 
I just checked my spam email only to discover I have missed out on millions of USD as well as many opportunities from the United Nations, Government officials, long-lost relatives & various heiresses. 
Had a blast on the Genesis vapour yesterday at Lincs league, placed 3rd. Bit rusty on my cx skills 
Loooool i dunno why i find this so funny
You're so tang-freaking-kad. Please don't stand next to me. 
What episode of Stranger Things is this?! 
Stanley is our spirit animal. Sleeping while everyone else works out 
Mindless kids with no backbone and easily swayed by media and mutuals 
Swear I must be the only fitness goer who HATES protein balls 
A group of dads had a competition to see who could stack more Cheerios on their kid 
Captain SD!! My job is to Save Your Tooth! Just call my name.. and I'll be there!! 
Anybody wanna bring me a backwood 
When a woman has a baby why does she wanna be size 10 the week after 
Just remember it's gonna be wobbly on there oh cheers mate 
Had the last 100 days off. Still averaging 18km/day this year 
So so deserved Natty! You made it your own with the 
Great to play with my former Assistant Pro David Allen at 
Oh, the expectation Vs reality 
When she doesn't remember the convo we had where I told her I bought it 
Cue Zaha scoring against the England keeper 
6 years on and i’m socialising with SILAS 
 your winter wonderland trip cracked me up and to top it... packet 
He’s right - Darren nailed his Lightroom nameplate 
 we are on our way to paint and throw a few pots 
I can't get over how funny this is 
West Ham new manger same result. Like putting hundreds & thousands on a pile of dog shit... no improvement  
Who is dreading work tomorrow? 
 probably said: "next time the puck needs to go behind the guy with the big pads"
When mommy’s away for work daddy becomes a hot mess ...so funny!
Before Snapchat and Instagram was around, this is where you showed off your shoes/outfit. Never forget where you came from 
: Schnitzel & Giggles
"I call [cars] radio hostage machines." - 
Need a bit of Christmas dinner inspiration? Honey roast gammon, with 
 seriously you won’t want to miss this
lol at today. Reality bitches threatened by me. Don't say a word in person. That says everything. Move over bish. 
Idk whats going on but I'm crying 
What is your birb name?
 The only type of film review I like. This woman is <3
Yeah. Bron just did that. 
Thank you President Trump for Making Comedy Great Again!In a world where liberals try to ruin everything, it’s nice to see a politically incorrect sense of humor 
She’s gonna kill me for this when she wakes up 
When it comes to sleeping in bed with you. Kids have absolutely no respect for your personal space 
"F*ck being a vegan."Safe to say that Haye & Bellew are preparing for the fight in VERY different ways 
When your Mum and Dad ask what another Beauty Bay parcel is doing at the front door 
Awww! See Anunu come and dance 
Aight I'm trolling, I don't know what they're doing at 2K 
The ting goes what now?! 
Mom and I sprinted the last mile...bad decision...I am so sore
Seeing these tweets made my night 
Any takers for 'Official Mascot' at 
 on whales and the naked cruise story 
Homies! Signed / personalized copies of my book can still be ordered through Chicago indie bookstore 
Yo.. just listened to that whole interview and lowkey sad bruh 
Monday morning pastor press conference 
Omfg hahaha I'm dead 
Before and during taking the tram up to the very top of the Gateway Arch in St. Louis. Why did I think that was a good idea when I'm afraid of heights?? 
:::When your hair is your scarf::: 
Mac Donald's GMOs, Marlborough cigarettes & alcoholic beverages are healthier... for $$ industries! 
I meant spag Bol 
Still dont get why people pay £100 for m&g when he meets everyone anyway 
Welp we have another scared one he's more nervous than Gabe Rosado was 
Can I also come?  I love her also   
What's the key to a great 
:: When ya moms wouldn't let you go outside to hoop w/ your friends. 
M O O D 
Yooow! We have to protect 
She wants a £10k signing-on fee, £1k a week, £1k goal-bonus, £500 assist-bonus and more importantly a bottle of rum after every game. If not she's going Runcorn Town. 
Ever hop on the scale n start making excuses? Like  "I'm really under weight, my sweats 4lbs my wallet/phone like 1lb and my shoes like 2 lbs... So really im 7lbs lighter"
Everyday when I look in the mirror. 
When Del Boy went to the doctors
Too damn funny. 
So what’s everyone going to talk about at the Thanksgiving table? We’re all about concerts, concerts, and more concerts! 
It's no longer Taco Tuesday... but you can certainly be Taco-liscious any day of the week! 
 Why don't fanchants exist in the US??
Who would of thought he was going to end up on the wall 
LeBron was too hyped about the Ohio State game 
Shannon sharpe shot his shot and was successful salute 
I just quoted a tweet asking my roomate a question instead of going into his room and asking him in person... this pretty much sums up my entire life LOL 
Working on a topic for the show tomorrow... 
Lol this is a plan until he gets tired and gets your sisters number, 6months later you're a bridesmaid at their wedding 
actually glad I’ve warmed to 
"It's a half pint film bitch "...the hair flips as they rode off in the power wheels. I'm done 
i b forgetting my dog only 7 months. 
What's the World's most 
When your team makes you an emoji and you wonder how you have lived life so far without one. 
A little insight into how Little Moo got it's name 
3 MAN RUSH?!?!?
Brian Shaw & Luke Walton beat Lonzo & Kuzma after 5 rounds of Around The World.Kuzma said B. Shaw (aka 'king trashtalker') got in his head & kept calling him "short dog" b/c he kept missing short, and then guess what? He kept missing short  
I bet you the dude who rapping about a Rolex and a forgien didn't pay for that beat he on....moving right along 
When ur wife left you and you decide to be creative with her tools to ease your pain 
Derek Jacobi's favourite thing about Kenneth Branagh? That he employs him 
“Tyrese & Will Smith Phone Call”
Pochettino has done more for English football than any of our last 4-5 England managers put together I swear
 and his wife Lauren took it too a level that every athlete would understand and appreciate! Just genius! 
Get ready to LOSE IT over this, 
"I didn't get a "after you" vibe" - Larry David 
Amir Khan ain't never boxing again after this flop 
this is like some love island introduction
Ooofff jeez here we go again !! Might have sobered up from Sat by then 
When you arrive like 3 hours late 
Couple more pictures from the Lightning Bench experience with 
When you see your mate in the bushes with the camara you cross up like f*ck
50% off main meals AND a free bonfire night themed cocktail all weekend at Frankie's........ Boom! Literally Booooooooom! 
Check me out bro... finally got that 
Is it worth risking it to play against Peasedown.. I think it probably is 
Christmas Cookie Challenge starts on 
I got my eyes on u 
Where do you get fig rolls nowadays in the local 
The faces you make when you watch a strike go down the middle...
just crossed the border, St. James Hall tnght, hope you like polish thrash black metal Vancouver! (this was from some Portland scene site 
Arrived in Norwich and was met with this. I wonder if anyone’s gnome 
BREAKING: Chiefs unveil new logo after losing to the lowly Giants. 
Two weeks until vacay be like...
Random night shift encounters! Has anyone lost a flamingo? 
Haha thanks, but come on, is this still a thing in #2017? 
 don't sleep!! 
 lmaooooo.... I swear you're me 
Yesss CDJ... who's a good boy! 
Sooooo true!!! 
Aye what song pop into y'all head first when u hear it's a half pint film bitch? 
...this is the corniest photo ever taken..
You spelled Tatum name wrong
Bless you...please don't worry about it...I speak gibberish all the time
Just realized I'm watching a censored version of Office Space."No-talent rascal." 
Mum told me to go for your parent teacher conference, can't wait to get all the dirt on youmy brother: I will give 200 rwf to keep quiet me: I am not cheap
Got it! So cute, just wondered why it's not in white. 
New day, new cakes, impossible to eat just one. That is all 
"I’m really excited to be able to be in Hawaii -- especially getting to play in the Tournament of Champions. I’ll be able to be in shorts and my friends will be back at home wearing winter clothes!”Fair point, Austin 
We finally found an opponent Deontay Wilder (
 cast asked me to show all my love (& cavities) for 
 Vida did take some hits for us. He might have to come in my corner! Some1 that can take bit responsibility... will leave you out 
Trump was like "IT WAS ME, IT WAS ME ALL ALONG!" 
You can't remix a future classic like that lol 
Leanne's running out of ideas for her 'Elf on the Shelf' after two days! 
Only 1 031 115 people disagree with the 
Dougy needs to read the catalogue more we feel 
Man don’t tweet me no nonsense like this. You know wsp with me 
I don’t mean to boast...But I’m in a REAL BAND OF TEACHERS CALLED...Mark Absent and the Registers 
When Del Boy outsmarted Boycie in poker, brilliant!
“It’s published in PLoS Two” 
 my bad bro. Had to give her credit for that bar lol
Not the world? Or England? Ok at least give me London 
Still getting questions about dress code 
Aunty Tala is still looking for the ref of the Mate Ma'a Tonga vs England semi final last week.
Sorry boys. The only decent shot I hit all day 
Best line I’ve heard for ages “don’t her wig/weave smell musty” 
Goooooooooooal.......  
I have watched, and technically 
Holy Shit.... bob and vagene 
Hahahahaha Gary Payton is going in on the sidelines. 
Wonderful explanation by Molly why we need to do 4 x 68. Wonder what answer RUCSAC would give?!! 
Organising my new bookshelf, so OF COURSE there's a shelf just for Darren Shan books 
@LDTay where did his helmet go?
Happy Birthday to ex-Gas defender 
This almost had me in tears. 
"Bob is my constituent now" IS a read 
This is confusing without context. 
Niggaz mad I don’t wanna be their friend 
Too far??... 
We do love this comedy take on a classic favourite 
You don’t wanna know what I think of West Brom, we’re on tv. 
LMFAO we must protect Jalen Ramsey at all costs
Me too!! Tune in on the 17th to 
Prankster Lee Nelson was at it again today this time handing Theresa May a P45 during her cough speech...
Any UCLA fans want to make a bet? Well too bad because I don’t gamble 
Honoured to have met Prince Philip at 
"Does that jumper come with a volume knob, 
Who made this? I'm dead 
yeah put some slide tackles in didn't ever see you once make a slide tackle 
They said all the press Lavar ball been getting is worth over 15million dollars of marketing 
 a beverage is intended to quench your thirst. when you’re thirsty, you don’t automatically think to drink soup loll 
TAG a COACHSeems Medically Legit to us 
Haha! This is so RAD!! 
Honestly? I commited a few Felonies n thats only 3 tracks in 
People’s opinions on my personal life really do make me chuckle ... 
When they catch you in public and ask why you never texted back ......
Tweeting this so I never lose it 
I can’t carve pumpkins for shit. But here’s my masterpiece for this year. 
How Goku will defeat Jiren! 
Its bizarre!! the whole 
If anyone wonders why I play football..  
Hahahahahahahahahaha!!! Thats it they are coming out on thursday 
They know my exact mood when I’m "Hangry" 
If this gets to 50k RETWEETS I'll livestream watching through THE thing I'm most embarrassed about...Hooking Up! 
Thanking me for my service is really great. But giving me a playstation 4 with VR would really make me feel the thankfulness... What?... 
Btw I’m “Playing with the Pros” this weekend and I can’t not share this promo poster by 
Personal space is a serious issue for me.. when someone stands real close on the line @ the bank or some food spot, i wanna put my arm over the “invader” and be like, “hey, how’s it going?” Take it to the creepy level 
Ashley Davies tearing up the grass 
That’s Me At The Studio When 
This is why she my wife... one day lol kimmy gotta hate me by now 
I can't see out of my left eye bro
I told her I could only tolerate Jared right now 
Mal showing pictures of England playing/training is hilarious 
Every night I massage my eyebrows  with serum so they grow. This better work... 
Y’all know what to do... 
How many sausage can you eat in a minute????
Thanks bro, ive been working on it 
Me: I love coffee! My friend: I hate coffee!Me:
Joel Embiid says his ability to draw fouls makes him "the James Harden of the bigs" 
Bro everytime Israel plays it’s like he’s trying to make clips for his own “like mike” remake 
In the last fortnight these beanie hats have crept back out. These are back in stock in the next fortnight. You can order yours now ready for release just £15 each. Modelled by 
i’m sucha dick , i talk mad shit to my haters
Some ppl jus love the sound of there own voices 
Ghosts of Halloween Past- Check out that last pic 
"They've got Hodge keeping with one glove, and Gunston in slips demanding a bowl. It's anarchy." Keep it together, Hawks! 
“LOOK WHAT I JUST WITNESSED AT DISNEYLAND” I’M DEAD 
Have been exiting off the 'compose tweet' window all day cus I though the new character counter was a loading symbol and my Twitter was broken 
YES! So glad my machine is being used after sitting in the basement for YEARS! Maybe it’ll be able to help create more than dog toys 
Don’t think either side wants to progress in this awful competition 
And best costume goes to.....
Find out what makes a Yoruba Demon a Yoruba Demon.
Last week double-unders clicked...AND NOW BUTTERFLY IS COMING! Hahaha join the cult 
After eating the hottest chilli in the world, I’m now recovering 
Soon as you hit an Adult with facts they swear you being disrespectful. 
So now I'm being compared to Tin Tin lol 
GS best player is a role player 
What a line up for the next Big Feed! Might want to start your pre 
Seriously? A 300 year old communist is going to beat President Trump? 
Here's the origin of that hilarious Travis Scott meme 
Welp casino tv is on...that means time for bed 
waiting for B' like:
Knew you’d start to come around 
I literally defy anyone to watch this video in full and not be smiling like a big idiot by the end!!! 
Pre-Ragnarok release we had too much fun with some of our fave on-air personalities, re-creating the "Friend From Work" scene. Watch the hilarious bloopers now! 
There has never been a more competitive family. 
Everyone’s asking me where the motives are on snap but I don’t even know where the shop is 
Japan would be amazing, tbf. I'm no stoner but I know loads of people who love Amsterdam for that very reason 
Not everyday nice pics!That time I got koshed in the face 
Pops looking like he’s about to be on a magazine cover, huh 
Casual Friday train banter 
Do you ever see ".......is typing" on Snapchat and just think fuck off not today 
It’s gonna be a long season in Buffalo... 
Liverpool supplying the comedy in this second half 
Irish fans cheering people buying Victoria's Secret in Denmark today... 
If football coaches were honest 
I thought those woods looked familiar and then BAM shia surprise Castle 
Who are these guys?What is happening at 
This single cover is the most hilarious  thing 
They said Bellerin was the best RB in the PL 
Welcome to Bristol City Jose .... "pop in to the office for a drink after aye "  
Whoever keeps photoshopping Trumps face on the queen needs to stop! Dying 
Thank ya!! RT 
 RETWEET for a chance to WIN 4 TICKETS to our Comedy Night 
New record for the game that keeps the kids the quietest! Can be tried at home 
Definitely one of my favorite beats I’ve ever made...recording and sampling at the same time 
Watching my pals in a heap coming back from Ibiza the day is my silver lining at least I don't feel like that
Tuesday after a long weekend...and you're stilllllll fishing 
Knock Her Dentures Down Her Throat When She Choke It Sound Like She Gettin That Good Ass Whoopin 
10k retweets for a free round at the airport before 
It's official! I always have the most interesting taxi drivers, last week I was a counsellor.. this week... A beauty therapist
We might need to offer some assistance next time the Adelaide Football Club does its grocery shopping 
 thanks so much for taking the time to see us tonight! I know Nathan loved to see you and joke with you so much. He's Probably still cheering you on and playing jokes on you from heaven 
If anyone thinks Spurs are in crisis I urge them to watch this, Arsenal fan singing for their players to stay.
Okay thank you I remember now 
 boy if you don’t ask a S/O from ya brother 
ForViva's Older Persons Service team day  -what fun!! !!
lol they hate this & its sooo funny 
this was deffo much funnier than I expected 
At least one session per conference needs technical difficulties 
Ahh, some good news for today… woohoo. 
We are done! Thank you, 
Y'all girl be catfish man, my gf look the same in person 
Had a lot of fun making this 
Amir Khan will be doing every single trail now, Pathetic!! 
“The many handshakes of Paul Pogba” You’ve got to do better 
Because I can be an animal in the kitchen...
 baby led feeding can sometimes equal throw it on the floor 
 what happened to your polls Uce?
 THIS IS SICK!!!!!
This is valid... And he has to cope with the fact that some raw materials haven't been discovered yet 
Top bday pressie from my fab 
I mean who’s idea was it to go here 
I'm with it, let me start working on my swing. I need some help...
I needed this laugh!! Have a great Wednesday everyone!! 
Waiting for it to please DH 1 and DH 2 
 Don’t forget the frothy coffee!
Craig and I are having a date day tomorrow which consists of going to a comic book store and painting 
When u look through old photos from an art trick museum and realise Mona Lisa went full Trump on u 
 everytime I see something to do with tequila it reminds me of you
Looks like someone lost a bet 
When your Amazon Dot loses her shit, when a character on tv is called Alexa 
"Who's she?" "I'm the bitch who's going to smack your pretty face next time you say 'ho'"
The team at Rhode Island CC this weekend. Good times. 
I don't even have a girl I'm poor and alone but this has happened to me 
 “Coach is right, it’s on us” 
There’s hell on on Talksport this morning- Joey Barton is upsetting everyone 
If he is dopping good for him it might make the fight a lil more competitive 
Reckon he might be up for every trial going now 
yep I have a big mouth
Y’all… my mom just sent me this. 
“Scotland has the only football team in the world that does a lap of disgrace.” 
Nigga do look like Malcom x 
"My penguin's got a boner on his nose!" - 
Broke my spending ban in spectacular money wasting style 
Ever feel like someone is laughing at you? 
 when did I say you weren’t entitled to your opinion? I am also entitled to mine 
These jonts are crazy comfortable... finesse mode will be activated at work 
For the people at the back of the line. 
Why did they put him on blast like that?!?  
"The Happy Pears" 
Ryan White's dad is a savage 
Q: What happens when you put 
I gotta get my reach up 
HELL NAH!!! French toast tho. 
Looks like Someone has left poor Fly in a bit of a pit!! 
... I thought this had been lost in time ! -
Just in case you need a laugh 
Love your dad? Love a LOL? Here's our Dad Joke Face Off - footie style 
When the work squad out and on fleek 
Y'all have no idea how formative Sailor Moon was for me as a teen. 
Was literally so happy to see my brother out last night
THE CHAMPION  * champions league theme
I found a doodle-coat today! 
Absolutely LOVE Vive Le informatics. 
But first I gotta get my there’s right 
I just find it amazing people actually read what I write as I’m a Billy no mates really 
Ashley Baines, good man Trevor Francis 
Not only did Simon Hill ace asking the questions, he even had a joke of his own! 
This has happened to me on numerous occasions when tweeting for 
My 18th in 2006 to 2014 commonwealth games  have we changed much lol 
“Libraries are a special kind of quiet” - Fred 
Your twitter name fit u "natural dumb ass" for that thought ! Ever dollar and every jewel on me who they robbed my shadow 
You live in Nebraska ... Yeah. That's better 
What a day for a hit on the links 
Right? Too many of them 
When you have a day off in Sweden you find a Swedish horse track! 
Someone REALLY loves the new office Christmas tree! 
Proper Mancs. Enjoying Nasi Lemak grub in the rain. 
Ikea is like Narnia!! I've had to stop for a brew mid way to get my head around it all!! 
Sometimes you're just safer sayin nothing! 
Halloween is over but I'm still a prisoner here 
Exactly what I was gonna say Ettas. A little bit of ratel but with a sensitive side
I just had a choco-taco in place of my workout....
 never seen this !!!
ukicharge interview 1m, show utacharge ngapi?? that's lame, ahustle shows where he/she can get cash, not extorting the media
Manchester that was peakkkkkkkkk SUPER PEAK 
Shhhh I’m tryna snipe 
You 2 back in the hotel eating the cheese 
It’s looks like 
That show gets me on edge especially when your watching it at 3 am 
Lemme stop before I say something I shouldn’t 
My husband needs work.... Kids need Xmas presents and I need wine.. Help a girl out? Give him work 
Also, he can’t pronounce “fior de latte” either the smug prick 
Gil thinks it should be a wrap for Richard Pitino after the Alabama game 
I think I’m in love with 
what a shocker, let's live in the place which is one of the few places in world that are called cities/countries from future. & then give opinion based on these places about countries that oppress women. standing ovation lady.
Here's what happens when you try to mix business with pleasure 
I spend half my days responding to emails and phone calls explaining why I can't play their event for free 
"Would anyone in the audience like to confront their fear of spiders?" Cue everyone looking down avoiding 
Just had to google "Who Hates 
That’s how Kendrick Carmuche 
If you ever want to know who the celebrity in the airport lounge is it's literally the ONLY person wearing sunglasses inside. Lol. How is that productive in any way? 
Had the pleasure to pass rush against him. Let’s just say my Madden moves didn’t go as planned 
We laughed and laughed and laughed  what a perfect night 
Dawns been in Vegas for 3 days ... my entire week of pots ... 
How odd that my screenshot roulette brings up a pic of 
You can run. You can hide. But you can't escape this salesman 
Never forget the day, a girl leaving my house I got her a taxi on my Hailo second she left got changed from card to cash 
I'm sure prem teams are on international duty 
my calendar for today... should be a national holiday tbh 
Good one Murtaugh. 
Because you are the President ??? FFS 
Yes you can go to the Panto without kids! LOVED tonight’s show at 
Sometimes pre-pool is the best bit of my whole day 
Fasho ADub but Chilllllllll lol
IM GLAD YOU ENJOYED 
So a year ago today David luiz went for 30million, now Jonny Evans is worth that? What has happened to football 
In this music thing some ppl will make out like your greedy for asking for your own money
It couldn't get any better for 
Just came out of the tube station and some guy with a megaphone said god is going to bomb me
Is this photo shopped? Or the second coming of jesus? 
Gett'n my game face on for 2018! 
Now you know how I feel all the time bro
Remember guys charm cycle is coming soon. So if you want to have a charm of a CHAMPION! Buy it now! 
Isn't it funny when your laugh makes someone else laugh vice versa and y'all just keep laughing?
It’s that time of the year again.. the return of these absolute legends 
Good morning beautiful people, keep shining out here looking like yo self 
Gone from party animal to sensible adult in a week 
Steve Nelson is legit crazy
Penguin falls down resulting in best sound ever 
That moment when you are talking about productivity using iOS in 6th form assembly & you mention hey Siri & Siri starts talking to you 
Leave! You're too much 
World Rugby: "How about a Pacific rugby team made of Samoa, Fiji & Tonga?"Samoa PM: "Get back to us when the All Blacks & Wallabies ever decide to put a team together & call it the All Whites." LMFAO 
A nigga I know told me he got charged 18 cattle for lobola.. Eighteen.....At 7k a cow.. 
I'm coming back on the 
Thought I’d seen it all in a nightclub, until I saw a man doing press ups behind the DJ booth. 
Breaking: Current under-achiever / Twitter warrior, still entirely irrelevant. 
The fact that people complain about photos being taken infront of a white garage door blows my mind 
Podcast time! Get excited - Manice is 
Sitting Here Waiting For My Body To Attend Gym
The background, the ticker - so much right about this video!! 
Me when im drinking henny with 
Yes she's leaving him but is in Brazil with the jonas brother...sounds very logical 
Categorical proof that pub crawls are good for you...these are all "exercise" according to my 
TFW your uncle travels to Canada for your mom’s funeral, looks at your partner and says “is this your son?!” 
Yeah it’s a joke and I’m not policing anybody. I barely like police as it is. 
Double the Giggles, Double the Grins, Double the Trouble with the Townsend Twins 
All of the Golden Knights recently joined in on the NHL tradition of playing some pregame soccer. 
I might have to hit the studio with all these new followers who think they’re following 
 brooo this response has me fucking weakkk
Apparently I am not allowed to criticise people who have many pairs of shoes/boots!
I LOVE LOVE ~ thx 
Summary of Neymar's epic transfer to PSG 
I actually can't trust anyone
Ohhhhhhh dear , who remembers this joint on dance energy with 
You know England are shite when a plane landing in the net gets the biggest cheer 
Moved to Cannes, another upgrade but courtesy of lady@marriott this time. Bless her, she apologised as it was only a two room suite 
 Jurassic Park read aloud by Richard 
Another stupid Newpaper article however I think the person that wrote it has needed her roots doing more than me before 
Familiarising with other local businesses this morning at 
We sure do love pups and great happy hour prices! Texas Tuesday means $3 Texas Pints and $3 Texas Liquors! Come in and enjoy a 
Stewards at Coventry last night forcing fans to sit in their correct seats when the attendance was 1,426 in a 32,609 seater stadium
My mate was driving home from his Aunt’s house today with a big pot of spaghetti bolognese. It didn’t go well 
Nothing says anti-gay like a spirited interpretative dance waving a rainbow flag 
I'm sure your not requesting Taylor swift in a hip hop club tho right?? Well I hope not 
When the lights come on at the Drum and Bass Awards 2018 
 nice one mate the boys will be happy now 
We really got to know 
We were hauling ass until we weren’t! 
He shares his food with me and that’s when I knew he was the one. 
Shit like this must trigger North Korea so much 
Under attack!!! Not complaining tho 
so, uh, safe to LeBron is "in shape?" 
Ndi Imo, is the President of South Africa gone yet?Jacob Zuma, whose Igbo name translates to 'keep stealing'.
Errmm da fuck is this?!
YAY!! We're open! Well until 4 as I'm a little late with this post! 
This is one of the funniest things I've ever seen. My favourite bit is the epic slow-mo of 
Anthony Gelling posts hilarious video mocking his yellow card in Wigan's Challenge Cup victory Salford. 
A long time ago in 
Haha I didn't even realise you followed me 
Rap snitches, telling all their businessSit in the court and be their own star witnessDo you see the perpetrator? - Yeah, I'm right here 
Right im done on this topic. Next time i see some foul shit happening im gonna have the girl fight the dude with me 
I miss the days when I lived w/ my mom. There was dinner made every time I got home. Food is much better when someone else makes it. 
If I see a girl with a big booty I’m staring idc 
Lmao my dad took me Argos to get a MacBook Pro. This is him deeping the price 
Everyone it's my mum you all loved from 
 Man City are so good this season they're still scoring at Stamford Bridge without being there...- 40': Kolarov- 64': Dzeko- 70': Dzeko
The cow mooin in the background like 
OMG WHAT LOL THIS WAS NOT A COMEDY Legit the scariest movie I've ever 
I knew I got it somewhat wrong/right depending on how you look at it
Why are the audience more dressed up than the islanders 
I had a fun time placing his head on Jud’s shoulders 
 just said Dennis Wise looks like Michael from GTA 
When you’re at the train station to go to 
Happy 8th birthday little dude hope you and the fab five are ready for your slime challenge party 
This my friend Yogi submitted his 
Literally in love with Sue Perkins 
 My sentiments exactly!!!
Me and my friends played that so much 
Just finished a fun day out at 
Any Australians still awake and fancy discussing the rugby?! 
How I'm feeling after dinner with 
Congrats to my brother!! Now tell me why it looked like it hurt to get on one knee
ahhhh, thank you! drugs. can’t live with[out] ‘em, can’t live without ‘em. 
How much do I love 
4 years ago today, Kanye West told Sway he doesn’t have the answers 
Japan is one strange place 
 It'll be great Tom!
you ever wonder why villains always have to have an evil laugh 
No one wants that. 
Stan Twitter is something else 
Muscles, Fat rolls.....same thing.  
Ha ha... if you enter a pageant, they are going to think you are in the MS. division
JUST SAYIN! I just voted for 
When your over the moon the L t-shirts fits when you thought you needed an XL. 
When Baltimore niggas meet DMV niggas 
When your 3.7GB download has 2 days left because your WiFi is so bad 
When you let a 3 year old decorate your mums birthday cake.
Sat outside the pub waiting for the Mrs to finish watching 
Yes, #10 IS a thing 
Lee Sharpe on Eric Cantona and his red against Crystal Palace 
Haha. They’re pretty ‘stand alone’, but I like the idea that you might miss out 
Long time since I laughed as much as I did with these guys.. We survived and I had to have my Instastorys "signed off." 
whhen U get to the show at the time described on the Facebook event 
USL Player Intel returns AKA the Russell Packer show featuring Simon Mannering and Addin Fonua-Blake 
RAPPERS SING KIDS SONGS PART 2!!! 
That Dominican “What you saying?!?!” Be changing dude’s stories quick. 
How to waste time on FIFA 18! 
Love Steven Gerard's reaction in the 
I  am cracking up!! 
Yes, a battering!!
All types of bread by Kwamz and Flava was really a banger back in school 
 lots of screaming, body thrashing and tea afterwards! And the fear of 
Amir Khan when he pulled that snake out 
y’all be reaching with these captions. 
Fear The Beard. 
That's up to them. I think they're fine just the way they are. Marriage doesn't make you love someone anymore than you already do. Although, I would love to see that. 
Whole Foods Market shoppers are the GOAT at shitty parking 
He's behind you! 
...American though. Thanks for the measured discussion, doesn't always go like this on Twitter 
Names that Scelo calls me by:NoLwandoRubbishBheyps
The DROP! When 
Send him home! Looks like he's getting carried away with his one pint after work 
‘Small head’
New video dropping today is unlike anything I’ve done before 
Going live with a short stream from my bed with Friday night hangs and Call Of Duty 
Granny Did You Wash Yo Hands? 
 all those pervert uncles. Did a Yoruba spin to chief Stephen osadebe
Whoa. Thank you Tyler from 
Getting a message from someone on my insta story accusing me of drink driving, when clearly holding a bottle of water 
Ever wonder what radio guys wear to work? 
This was a close second. Sorry 
.@kimengelbrechtis such a sport!
 cheers Logan! Thank you for being such a great team 
Best weekend on a golf course last week now worst one this week. Quick change. Love golf hate golf love golf hate golf 
When you really need to use the toilet but you're too loyal to the "TOILETS ARE FOR CUSTOMERS USE ONLY" sign.... 
English Prof: Students hate this book, it says you're all going to hell... you're all going to hell btw 
Enjoy a Comedic Countdown to 2018 with 
The ridiculous commentary of Pro Evolution 2! 
It might be a bit cold when it arrives 
Forgot to say it was a left footer 
A lot has changed since 2012 for amir khan 
Phill Sherring called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Beer of the Year,” like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway! 
Probably the only category of sexy video I’ll be posting at this point in my life. 
THIS MOVIE IS HILARIOUS 
ChrisSutton gets wiped out by Stephen Craigan live on BT Sport! 
 "people have a ton of ideas, but, just keep them to yourself" 
No doubt this spot will be another WINNER!!! All the best to you guys! I'll send you the Bill for larger set of clothes I'll need to buy after eating at your spots! 
Yeah you guys do big turn outs for these things. Clearly got MOMENTUM 
Someone please do this to “Shadows Inside” and send it to me. I
A burger full of meat.....  thank goodness you clarified that one 
Hahah!!! Maybe you can tell our 
The new Thor film is one of the funniest films I've seen this year. That end scene... 
 cheers mate I love it 
MANDEM going on a night out be like... 
These Formula E drivers can absolute savages! 
Steve & Dustin deserve their own 
Pretty sure questions like this is why Kyrie wanted to leave the Cavs..  
When most of my friends were born in the 90s and they're too young to get all my TV show references. *Sad Jodie* 
So how much hate will I get from all the old school trance guys if I make a rework below 4 mintues? 
Easy to see but mass hysteria is powerful. That's why people with functioning brains agreed Martial was being played out of position even in the only position he has played all his career and plays till date.
Still one of the most outrageous shots we've ever seen. Disrespect at its highest 
Loooong time no speak!!! 
Time for eats and Coco! (...the Disney movie, not the drag queen lol. We’ve already confuse a few people with that 
Explained to mum why I’m addicted to gigs + cunt save for shit. Gave the e.g. of the 
Wishing everyone a great weekend! 
Yup, having lunch with my Mum 
Make sure YOU dont do cause akere you are South African? 
I love it when a flukey camera angle comes together! 
Win 2 tickets to every Electric Factory show in 2018!! 
Lukaku has learnt from Zlatan how to score irrelevant goals then open hand like he found the solution to global warming 
"She doesn't hold a grudge she just finds it hard to let go of resentment, ...that's what a grudge is " 
OMG GUYS --- stage light mode 
He's a man with simple tastes is 
I have a great one thanks! 
Why haven’t we heard a single peep about the 
Oh no Margaret!!I'll have you a bet,Get up on your feet,I'll write you a tweet,Or a second hand sonnet.
Proud to have played my 25th cap. Still some to go to get to the 133 caps of this legend 
Don’t even pretend like you got my digits babe 
hahah remember when I used tune in when I just started 6form everyday when you did drive time with andrea 
Buggy and ball incidents. 
I love that my littles end their 
Right fam! Lmao this dude confused af talm bout its a concert and too loud to stand up for yourself 
Who remembers these comedy classics from French and Saunders? 
When the fiction catches up the reality . I'm Watford manager and Everton want me 
Thank you Mr. Regal. I can assure you Kassius will be the victim of a public dissection at Takeover. This will generate interest for future Takeover's. Everyone comes out a winner with this decision. 
Was just about to message you. Yes, early start - but at least we will take the early clubhouse lead! 
I'm a reaction gif 
Don’t give away any secrets 
Pumped full of cold meds, codeine, mucinex, tea and Fisherman’s Friends. I may not remember tonight but I’ll sound awesome in my head! 
OUR FUCKIN PRESIDENT BE GETTIN INTO IT WIT RANDOM NIGGAS ON TWITTER 
How you feel when your girl too pretty.
Okay Amir, if you won't wear a dress, will you at least wear a suit to prom?  
I made this as a joke and it’s miraculous to me that people are still buying this. My mother and hers before her were both teachers. I don’t actually approve this message. 
The fans asked for it... CB9's initiation. Voice as good as his feet 
Still in holiday mode thought it was Saturday my bad 
Baby brain. It's a thing. Even for men apparently... 
There is not a chance in hell that he hasn't seen ONE EPISODE of I'm A Celeb, I'm not having that 
Corbin we are going to have a talk about what a alarm clock is. 6am is NOT 8am 
I’d be safe at fullback no one coming through that line uce
The best thing this morning was the 
Does anybody have a time machine I can borrow please? Need to travel back in time later...(The clocks change tonight! 
 On top Sallah meat
This video of one of our pups Milford meeting his new baby sister has us 
That’s why I hate being so popular 
"Call it the Rosie show!" 
If there is a quiz prize the freelancers won't mind waiting 8-12 weeks to receive it 
they played high school musical in the club 
Afternoon rain showers in CO?! Say it ain't so 
I feel like I shouldnt, but my second chorus sounds shocking compared to the first which is just as i want it and im desperate to just copy and paste 
The replies on this thread are absolutely brilliant 
Anyways I’ve told my hairdresser that she’ll be living with me 
Cant wait for Souljah Love to release the track 
And let's not forget Osbourne and Gove: Outchago and Onyourarse 
Planning out PTO for next December already 
James Richardson’s description of Dele Alli’s goal was tremendous 
Would you wear this shirt? 
Loved this...two cheeky boys doing what they do best! 
If you know me you know im abit fucked. So Im going platinum silver. When I do this who wants to take photos of me 
It's a wet morning out there so stay safe on the roads and drive to conditions. More rain is expected for today so tune into the 
The pronunciation of "congestion" has me dyinggggg 
There were laughs and a wee tear at Paddington 2 last night ! Thank you 
Would’ve been good to watch this with the Toko Cedric 
Sterling though - good entertainment value 
Your “Sources” are from Occupy Democrats, your argument is automatically invalid. 
The Eagles have zero respect for everyone and they’re making that known.
 tell em Nick!
 you do some mad shit you man, get half naked and drop on the floor it's hilarious to watch you should be a comedian seriously
 man you got me dying , appreciate it though. 
 see you folks tomorrow at johnnybrendas for 
Oh and has anyone else mistaken me singing "take my head and give me heart" for "take my HAND?" Who's hand!? What? where? who!!?? 
This kid been waiting for this moment his whole life 
You see we got back up lil bra 
who told people that complimenting somebody that “inspires” you and promoting your latest track within the exact same message was good networking 
Just saw an entire rap entourage walk into Chic Fila. 
This guy sang cake by the ocean as different characters 
look! they spelled my name wrong! 
As if Grace just said she's been fighting the snot
I swear my ex is a boarding alcoholic 
Happy Halloween from related arts! 
Love this photo! Couldn't figure out at the time why 
Love that bro! Can’t imagine your celebration tho
This cracks me up everytime, only 40 seconds long - watch till the end! Hilarious! 
Wow I erm.. the boobs...I er thanks! 
You will finally remove your Joe Jonas mask and announce that you and Sophie are getting married? 
Was probably looking at a puppy because that's still my reaction whenever I see a dog 
Guy wakes up from surgery, asks to see nurses tits 
This picture was only taken 5 years ago, not! 
somebody will find something to moan at lol. He was excellent. But no hype.
Will this be you at next Saturday's at 
Adding Super Smash Bros sounds to animal videos 
senatorcomedian is FRED in Watts Camera Action's hilarious 
She can’t handle the heat 
Our elections team is drowning in paperwork during the annual audit of the electoral register 
A mini-bus full of Man City fans got stuck in Brighton yesterday  
Ouch! ; )  RT 
Gotta love London today in the sunshine .. on London Bridge .. there's a bride and groom then further down a bag piper 
Spieth has spent his day training with Aussie sporting royalty before the Australian Open! 
 so unprepared! Shame on us!
It's actually embarrassing 
During a TV timeout, "Get Low" played in the stadium and some players were really feelin' it 
Omg stop you two are cracking me up 
Which type of BAE are you?? 
There really is nothing quite like an 
Eat a pasty > see your fam 
Anyone with a sister will relate to these hilarious sibling moments. 
I did say I was expecting ridicule 
Somebody at Target b funny 
Roaring fire. Massive plums and a builders bum all in the same frame. I’m getting good at this
Don't know why I found Wayne Rooney smacking Ashley Williams over the head so funny
NOBODY KNOWS WHO DID IT IT’S A MYSTERY, ASK VELMA ASK SCOOBY HE’S HISTORY 
Live music i@the ned with sy1964 
What a day to be born! 
Today I stumbled upon my final school certificate and then I had to print out an overview over my grades at uni so far and damnit I was so good at school and now look at me 
 you forgot "your shoe is untied" works every time 
Have I seriously not been to sleep coz I decided to listen back on 
Watched the Duco events presser 3 times to ensure I wasn’t dreaming it 
A lot easier than the tennis balls 
Someone needs to just make a montage of 
Love this podcast. Listen to it on the way to work. The discussion with 
Tag someone who'll want an award for this 
When I accepted the award for someone else from another style icon. Surprise of the night! 
This cut would make flipping burgers so much better. 
Eire v Denmark...Is it best out of 3 games or first to 3 WINS? 
behind snatch make it go viral ...
Waiting for tonight's episode to drop like... 
Yeah da Bois!! proud of the team work... should of won it though hahah 
For everyone searching...We have it!!!
I fucks with the way FYC hypes themselves up 
some people are so stupid thinking that she actually means it costs he same as a house. it’s an expression ffs 
When you do a ‘TGI’s’ at The Ritz and this comes to your table 
We’ll see Andrea 
Awkward when they went thru my carry-on and the man pulled out three "gadgets" & gave me a nod & wink 
Someone called my work 'cheap' this morning!! Nice people I work with right! 
2013 w/some bad hair & 
Isaiah Wynn with the SEC Championship photobomb 
Found on my 5 year old nieces iPad 
Remember when the NFL sent us a cease & desist for our 2010 Saints in the Super Bowl party? 
Such a nice chat with these two fine gentlemen today about 
Richard Leonard elected Scottish Branch leader today, immediately told what to do from London... hilarious 
Black out curtains working well 
For clarification, that's not what we mean when we say it's "green" rated seafood.   
7 blokes down the shed end watching tipping point on a Friday at half 4 
Can't wait tonight for all the "we're outside pal, can you get us in?" texts...Be very early!!! You've been warned!! 
The best way to check your meringue is stiff... 
Always Knock Before Entering
"og and i was like Olive Garden???"I can’t stop laughing 
When your centre-back plays too much FIFA 
Oh I know, hince me getting up at 6am on a Sunday. LOL 
Mkay. I'm finally about to calm down. 
Grampa just told me he's gonna leave the night on... ok 
 look what the 'Kevin Spacey ate my Brain' team got on the cards tonight 
New lol rd 1-8 
He's definitely leaving the series if he's speaking to you lot 
Memphis: Veni, Vidi, Vici.               The Wilson Girls + our honorary sister, 
It’s crazy I still can’t get the Ap going on my new phone, without losing all my followers etc..I’m devo.. you’d think someone from Strava could help.. tut tut 
People will say " you've changed " Just because your progressing without them
Can’t stop watching my videos from 
Ahahaha! 10 seconds in & 
13 years ago!! Look all those muscles!! 
Don't eat playing cards kids, look what happened to me 
Get a dog, they said. It’ll be fun, they said 
My favourite Google search prediction about my job: “do composers actually do anything?” 
I'm in hell, dreaming about you and Michelle. So come back, Barack.Don't leave us here alone. At least pick up the phone.Trump don't even got a dog, man.This is too live.
What do butchers do when they have some time to kill before a flight, we visit other Butchers 
Had to look out for my guys! Bad tackle.. I would of received an ass whopping! 
A bet’s a bet 
My roommate was asleep and I was listening to "Love Don't Change" by 
A surprising  benefit of never actually coming in first in a race is that it makes me a better marketer, I suppose?? I.e., I see women cyclists smoke me daily. 
Maxwell's dance moves. 
It’s so nice to know your wife is braver than Amir Khan 
Just been to see He Shoots! He Scores! by the one and only 
ITSA Theatre Company controversy! Who is the Improv Panto baby daddy? 
Wonderful food technology practical with year 7s - hope parents and carers enjoyed their treats.....If any were left!
Happy birthday to one of the funniest people I’ve ever met
Talk about a wild weekend, I had just turned 21! Try explaining it to your boss on Monday morning why you can't hear. 
 "take a yellow" 
Me (seeing my 2yo son holding something weird): what do you have in your hands?Him: fingers Me: 
Road trip to Arran with my girls. Had such a good day, made even better watching 
Of course you'd leave it up to 
Two cheetahs and a barfing pumpkin...Happy Halloween! 
Date night. Dinner of champions 
Crushed it!! “Lots of hockey going on down there... let’s do the hockey!” 
Played it almost daily driving to and from work and only had it a few months...lucky i burned that copy from the original..LOL
I LOVE BLAKE!!! AND IM GLAD HES THE SEXIEST MAN ALIVE!!!
When a fan runs on and scores a last minute winner... 
i’ll deadass check my phone every 5 minutes for a text i know i’m not gonna get 
Boots have shown how willing they are to change prices by the fact it's half the price now! If some fan reviews have the ability to get the price slashed in half I think the mighty Zoella whose product it BELONGS TO could've changed the price if she wanted! 
Minute 1:08 I'm dead 
When the bookies are offering 3/1 on PSG to take the first throw-in... 
Steph hit the super-floater and KD was hyped 
We just don't want you ending up in London by accident.See you again soon. 
Won a local today, made more than 5th at an S+ tier 
That moment when some bears find out Cottonelle comes with 20% more sheets than Charmin. 
I've got so many blog post ideas for December and January but actually having the time to sit down and write them is a different story 
 forgot I got this on camera 
 are our favourite thing right now! 
Proud of u even though u forgot to mention I was right there with u through those Bama workouts
#9 hole location should be fun for these guys today 
Apparently Tiger can’t chip 
Lol... THANKYOU gorgeous! God I miss it 
Virtual drifting vs. Real life drifting with 
Clear evidence that you only need the right incentive to improve. 
I would have bus a whine when the beat dropped if it was appropriate 
I have 0 wall space but I’m determined to put up all my canvases from big little. 
 there's a silly Fijian on ur snapchat
Year 9 and Mr Davies 
You literally tweeted society is making you hate her! Lol 
My first video of the Magnificent Seven! Never used Twitter 
 bro even your mother knows thats false 
When your mate buys you a shot and you have to drink it out of politeness 
Is Arsene Wenger in the jungle on the sly 
 10 monthly instalments of the following: £8 personal, £6 e-membership, £5.5 concessionary & NQT, £3 student. We now have the highest membership we've had in over four years 
Poor Otago. Score 500 in 1st innings. Had 150 run lead before 2nd innings....And about to lose 
There's a lesson here in planning and contingency 
Fantastic and so glad you enjoyed it - although I'm not sure you probably did at the time 
It's that time of the year where you have to bring out these blankets, big up you if you can relate 
Man like big shaq knows da ting off by heart obviously 
Bandwagon squad. The bench warmers are ready 
Well, I blame GH women and how they allow these Naija boys use them. As we are trying to forget how Yvonne Nelson ended up in Iyanya's song, see the god Juliet Ibrahim went and brought home.That tin na human being
I wanted to flip this car over so bad 
Very cool to get an exclusive look at 
They advise to walk around 10,000!We know what end of the spectrum we sit on! 
DRS - 3Jimmy Anderson - 0
Wow! No wonder I'm exhausted today! 
Defense was on point all night and I blocked a guy's layup on a fastbreak off the wall, so that's my moral victory 
If you need cheering up, here's a photo of the time my stepmum asked for cheese and biscuits at a hotel. 
Giving this the love it deserves! 
I have successfully messaged all my friends with the monkey filter. My life is complete 
Lol,iight den.  
OH: “Use the logs, Luke”
Yeah I would definitely buy some merch as well & his and everyone supporting my pages means the world, thank u for following just need merch now 
This tweet is fucking hilarious I’m crying right now 
Place to be in Brentwood man... And stop it you!! You've only gone and bloody told him you like it!! 
Truffle the dog is every single one of us when it finally snows 
Baker already getting some reps in for next week. 
It’s a UMM... Moomin Giraffe? 
Thad off BMS is my favourite character ever.
Bae went all out for Halloween this year 
This Nigga Floyd Really 50-0 if you count this 
Refs wear Levi’s in Milwaukee? 
Err, it dances better than I do, and I had 8 years of training 
“I find it so hard to drink a beer quickly, I’m not the daughter you dreamed of” 
Matching bag and shoes isn't only a woman-thing y'know! 
 Best CSS discovery yet since flex-box (what else have I missed?)  ->
Had a dream last night. I never do those & it was boutta snake. And NO, not 
My pokemon usum came with a code for 12 quick balls but i redeemed it and got 50 potions 
Whilst we had the guys here, we thought we'd set them the easiest challenge of lifting that they've possibly ever had to do - the Tiga Sub4 
This Kiwi's reaction to NZ no longer being in the RLWC is hilarious 
After The Two Ronnies created the parody 'Status Who', Francis & Rick couldn't stop accidentally singing 'Fond Of Her'  
So I had an amazing morning stepping in to workshop probably the greatest new musical concept ever with the equally fantastic creative team 
On a game-winner? Disrespectful 
I was told I could find my golf game at the end of the rainbow 
Usually Willow naps 12-2. Today she was ready for her nap by 10:30 - she's now up again and I don't know what we're going to do with ourselves this afternoon 
Staying at a very cool 'hip' hotel tonight 
This is my "you're the luckiest man alive face" 
I'm the one guy in the room who doesn't talk much because I'm looking for escape routes in case of a zombie apocalypse 
when a customer asks to speak to a manager and the manager tells them the exact same thing u said 
 ‘s dance moves last night on Children In Need had me in stitches
10 days till I see this behaviour live 
Any tears are good tears 
Just shows you, they’ll let anyone into the acting game!!! N for near miss! 
This entire thread, but especially this. 
Where I slept for a year when volunteering for 
Lewis Hamilton has the giggles during our review show.But what on-track moment made him laugh? 
I have trained him sooooooo well 
Thanks so much! This is so sweet! Sorry about your cracked phone
Watching AJ in Cardiff reminds me of when 
Dai is in the house (and taking selfies with our phone!) 
Logic: Huh, I think my phone isn't receiving textsLizard brain: no everyone just hates u 
You have NO idea! 
Funny when people leave negative comments, you block them and they get so upset they ask their friends to ask me to unblock them 
Putting gas in the car in Florida and the TV on the pump says "You're watching Gas Station TV! A new and exciting experience every time you pump!" 
Never drinking a whole bottle of tequila on twitch again 
It's official, I'm one of the fabulous 
Wenger's put down of Merson here 
Jokes aside, being fan of an actor & showing your love for their work is different from stalking them. So I wouldn't consider you a creep. 
Thank you neighbors! We will keep you going through the week  
Shit like this lmk some white people cool af
When your shoe comes off in kickbal!! 
Yo abdi you are really showing how wounded you are lol. Ive not flopped not once that's YOU and double, That's why I called yas Miss the drop and Flop 
Disney and Pixar will never be able to top this 
I need a nigga to love me like MARS love Nola Darling 
I don’t know 80% of the characters just thought it was funny 
hold on twitter i believe i got this one ... this dance is being recorded for quality insurance and training purposes headass...if you don’t pay for this $2 dance i will eliminate the human race headass.... mannequin genitals headass ..smack this ass for technical difficulty’s 
What’s going on????
I used to make such an effort. Now it's a miracle if I brush my hair in the morning 
When you can't get enough of 
tfw you’re at thanksgiving and the yams are candied just right!!! 
The Chuckle Brother's biggest fans 
The good ole days 
My first top 20  in life ( that wasn’t a remix 
Nothing like the feeling of being out at a bar and hearing a song coming only the radio only to realize you mix and mastered it 
US navy has no sense of humour clearly... 
Idc what nobody say PLIES FUNNY AF 
ANNND we can could have called it, one day after Halloween and the Christmas trees are up in Milton Keynes! 
Seeing this guy on the tele made me laugh man 
My studio where I recorded my new single, Row the Body. All black everything as usual. Do you think it’s monochrome enough? 
Another corker last night on planet 
“Hold on Migos y’all might’ve just did something” -Mr Hotspot 
Went with stranger things in the end, it was good! Im not clever enough to understand it but that didn’t stop me enjoying it 
This is the best thing you will see this weekend 
I’ve just been crying with laughter at this 
I'm actually crying. This is perfect. 
Was it just me who noticed this ..... 
Lmao I didn't even say JUST white people or ONLY. Calm down Twitter police 
Loving these new self typed 'Press Releases' when players leave a club these days...."Its with a heavy heart I leave the Dog and Duck 3rd team. I would like to thank Chinese Alan's dad for the opportunity...." 
My Rhodes is in the shop for a week! WTF am I gonna do?! 
61: The goals wont stop! 
According to Micho, Gabuza created his own game plan and placed himself in a different position
A bit harsh on drummers? 
Miss Walls loves a wall display
 more than half the time .. even in the club.
 “Hot Take Hibachi”
Nathan Fielder is one of a kind. That new episode is insane 
I finally got notified that 
 best part of Chuboi's stream and you was only typing 
this fella blagged his way on to babestation, i've never cried with laughter so much
I’m sending you one Susan.... 
Not everyone is jumping off the bandwagon. Jackson said he is ride or die. Broncos get your swag back and let’s dance on the Bengals Ass!!!!
Best thing I've seen for a while 'We out played ingles...' 
Can't say I was too happy at the time 
You've got to be mad to do music... 
Premier League packed with quality attacking players but jeez some of the defending 
BRB hitting the gym to do 10,000 reps with my left arm 
She did alright I suppose, well no-one sued me 
Hahahaha Come Get Sum! 
I've watched this about 10 times and I can't stop laughing 
Zero balls hit yesterday just didn't have the time but back on track today with 150 hit. Finding it tricky hitting the longer clubs at full speed but determined to stick with the changes. Little low stinger/worm burner action with my hybrid 
Feeling a bit bleary this morning but a fab night the ball. Finding red sequins in all sorts of funky places! 
1st man to stop the very awkward Miguel Vasquez. An unreal talent and a top top lad with some serious dance moves 
Some birthday... can't believe there were handing out some cake 
On Halloween in Chicago, kids don't want candy, they want 
it's one thing to dye ya hair but to shave ya eyebrows and consider it being yourself? fam what ya eyebrows do wrong 
"Kids, it's time we talk about where we came from." 
 lets get out of silver II 
Out of 6 trainer releases I managed to grab ZERO pairs 
ANN7 has been dropping hints. We hope this materializes 
Karaoke last night, singing some Bob Dylannnnn! 
Well look what I found today... a sunflower mouse pad... yes I still use a mouse 
From now on I'm using 
Soooo no it’s same team same dream 
Best blindfolded penalty ever! 
Samsung's new Anti-apple advert with a glimpse of a familiar looking haircut 
All my Twitter consists of is me receiving notifications of 
A League Of Their Own Roadtrip 
Good Mornin! Monday! Before u start your week please 
I'd watch ALL of these 
Blow Man Away, Den I'm Flying Away 
Is Phil taking a sh!te or having a fit? 
Mate it’s only Mark Noble’s shirt not Messi’s 
Listened to this for 3 days straight think this qualifies as a 
Never mind the dug pissing himself this is hilarious 
Being sent to the shop for one item, but forgetting to buy it 
That really sucks for the producers and cam op, but 
This shit got me dying bra 
Mangala...I’m worried already! 
Landed in Abu Dhabi! I must have traveled through every time zone possible this past week. It’s now midnight 
When your mum says you can have a couple friends stay over 
Those years when we rush to buy World Cup Fixtures pamphlet and keep updating the results after each game.. 
Unsubscribing. Reporting late night texts as spam. Setting auto filter on “you up?” messages to Trash. (This is not a real notification
It’s always fun to smile with 
 I couldn't find the rhythm
. All day. Everyday 
1pm is too far!!! 
Nigeria tried building the NigeriaPost GPS app. The app crushed at its first development stage.The IT guy is currently running around town mad.You cant put just anywhere on the map. Place scatter too much 
That’s the best thing have ever seen you don’t mess with Martin Murray one hard man 
Sometimes life on the road is not how people imagine 
Thank u for all the beautiful online birthday wishes, phone calls & love. It’s pretty much done now but apparently there is a party 4 me at our gallery this week with around 1000 people comingAlso there’s some other little thing happening 
I wanna do this, it looks too wavey 
Awesome video. Even awesome(r) thread in the comments 
My lecturer just asked a Mexican student if she liked Donald Trump 
"guns under the bed, money where the quilt be" 
Although I may look like a garage MC in this pic, I'm actually a producer. Check out my tunes here 
When yo momma say “we got food at the house” and warm up them Thanksgiving left overs for the 5th day in a row. 
Funniest thing I've seen for a while! 
Hold up i see to many subtweets...@ me so i know it’s real!! 
We filmed something quality with Will Ferrell earlier for next week. But was chatting to him before about this vid I watch when need cheering up. It's outtakes from a show called Eastbound and down. Try not to laugh! 
No matter who won the fight, the fact that Paul Chuckle met Jay Z whilst watching it means we are all winners 
3 crime writers who haven’t a cluedo brilliant,
I know it's only just November, but I'm SO excited for Christmas 
Don’t change Atlanta teams, don’t ever change. Savage moves by 
Love your loyalty Diva!! 
These Phillies fans are savages 
Call of Duty brings anger and rage out of me that I never knew I had 
 Your #1 LIVE podcast always kills me. 
Hahahah I’m dying
Hope the tweets were ok. Not up to 
So Happy! Came home after a miserable day to a lovely parcel, i now have 3 beautiful Jenna dolls made by the brilliant 
! You going down dude! You & ur insults won't work. She left that dirty tissue on his desk! 
I feel like Stanley's reaction to learning about vlogging is the same reaction Boris would have if he learned about 
Oh oh... I see the end of VirtualBox on the horizon 
"I will NOT adopt a child in Skyrim, fuck that shit" - 
Bayern Munich fans have thrown fake money on the pitch to protest Anderlecht's ticket prices 
 my 2016/2017 presenter showreel watch the full 3 min video here 
"I wish I could get into a room with people who don't like me and ask them what's the problem" - 
 has been saying "ice city jewels with no pity" all this time i thought it was some next gibberish
crazy how coaches can leave whenever they please, but when a player wants to transfer they want to take a year of eligibility away
 I'm dead thanks homie love you
I got our self titled album on repeat rn 
 probably the most baffled I've ever been on a pitch. There lad nearly kicked the corner flag out the ground and ref says I fouled him 
My professor:"President Holland when asked if UVU will get a football team said, 'If we get one, I'm afraid BYU would want one too.'"
*after eating all day tomorrow*“Mom I’m  meditating” 
Not the most informative tweet of the day this. 
A warning about Labour’s impact on the economy from the Absolute Boy himself! 
 first thing in the suitcase case mate!!
Growing up watching eastenders never did I think I’d be sitting there one day watching pat smoke a joint 
First trial and I’d be out 
some lads still don't realise that girls find out everything, literally no point in lying 
All you girls are going to be walking around in the same red one piece suit all summer. 
Buddy was trying hard not to look at 
The next time you see Steph Curry wearing a fanny pack, you can thank 
We've looked better 
Was just trying to watch your movie 
Hey guys, do you have any advice for the 
Achievement unlocked: Get your mug on a Japanese news site! 
Sunday league beauts of my acquaintance. Get on the 
I literally cried laughing watching this. The cinnamon puffs kill me 
From a spotty faced kid to a spotty arse man ! 
!Superb commentary - watch out, 
 let’s start this Monday with the light oh hope!
RNN presents: SRHS's Prom Pep Rally Spring '17 aka "Men In Dresses" EXCLUSIVE footage...Take1 
Place the word ''Only'' anywhere on the sentence : She Told Him That She Loved Him 
I finally have a top lip
Today shall be remembered as the day all these big RA Dj’s applaud the no more poll move (after the poll already made their careers) 
Back to the old days... where it all started...  
When it's raining and the takeaway's too far away 
Just rode my bmx bike inside the Xfactor show for a Episode of the IN & OUT challenge! 
Watch these adorable little kids try sour candy for the first time and laugh forever 
I need a new artist bio 
T locked me in the stu and went home wtf
STOP IT !!! Movin up and down side to side like a ROLLER COASTER 
Had the opportunity to use this Emily line just now and I definitely need to do it more often. 
So y'all just going to withhold these pictures from me huh? 
No words for this one....
We have the backing from the Mexicans anyway 
Oi mandem stop letting girls make you take them out so you can pay for their food and let them take a picture of your knuckles and finger tips at the dinner table. It's not enough. Your better than that. Know your worth 
Live look at my phone right now..... 
Chris finds Chesney's PUBLIC Google Reviews & pretends to know his favourite hangout spots! 
The Dubs were all over NY yesterday 
I give that period a C+ 
Lmfaoo you gonna get her extra heated with the make up tutorial comment 
Have you ever seen a happier ram? 
Nett got me on blockin ppl 
So it’s officially official my brother 
Nice!!!! 
Let's be honest. 
We all know it's not closing anytime soon 
No my wifes not famous enough for me to get in 
Just drove from Floreat to Freo without stopping at any traffic lights. Really feel like I’ve now accomplished all I set out to do Perth 
 Just a little jungle throwback to 
United going for Paul pogba 
Has to be said - health & safety out the window, we loved a good aul open-top-bus in the 80’s & 90’s 
Songwriting/studio head on today.. thank God for filters!! 
How emotional has the last 10 mins of 
THEY DONT STOP OR HUNK THEY SPEED UP BRO LIKE ITS WILD 
Hahahahaha. Who?! The environmentalist wing of the nasty party? Have a day off! 
I really don’t know why I put pizza in and why so many people have voted for that over a curry, I guess we really don’t know each other 
The old put a string on a bike and watch people steal it trick 
May've been true if I had yo big ass up there 
This baby is a GENIUS. 
Miss Hannigan's props table backstage at 
For this I am giving Moustache Mountain 100 style points! 
That's how it looks and sounds like when 
Dead tired and my day is only halfway over 
 Is this happening to the gimmick clubhouse? 
Why y’all do me like this? 
IT'S FAMILY WEEK 
 is doing a Dave Grohl when he broke his foot 
Yeh dad is a selector. I help him select the team at family dinners. 
The homie said it’s vegan cheese made from almond cream 
I didn't know Zion could miss a dunk 
Jumped the gun on changing my picture and then received more thanks to 
I can shoot strait lol but not technology
  HINA angry over vikas for touchng her!Hina harks back to the day sunny came into the house. On that day you had put chocolate all over my face and then you licked off the chocolate from your fingers. I was really offended by that! You shouldn’t have done that 
Nothing like getting free tea posted through your door on a Sunday... 
The Lukaku situation? The one that was about 50 yards out with another defender covering? Why would that one be a red? 
I feel like this is what I look like when I listen to 
Sharks, Jellyfish, Seaweed....that a boy 
I challenge you to find me a cooler chauffeur anywhere!! 
My lips was chapped Asf on all them ads 
'Tis the season to go shopping with 
Sounds like a game with Greenie....:
This is the best thing you will see this weekend... 
 indisciplined Jamaican DJ’s will soon make this an all dancehall affair!! 
Pooks, you will always be the gem to my 
Some folk r on smack 
A look at your header to end this message with 
Classic wet Monday morning: late for school, locked umbrella in bike shed, a cold..... c'est la vie 
Being filmed In BLACKPOOL In the new year what could possibly go wrong 
'No trump talk' 
Just need the OAP fit again eh 
When you go riding and you're so slow that your phone picks up that you've been running at a healthy pace 
Bravo, Matt! Not quite sheepdog trials (but what an outstanding idea!) - we're setting up for the 1500m Classic! First race: 
The best thing to come home to after a long, hard day at work (even if I did burst into tears with happiness when I saw it
OH GAWD IM CRYING WHHYYY DO YOU GUYS DO THIS TO ME 
Bruh, he really dipped on his kids 
It was positively exhilarating watching you translate "iight den" and taking such pride in it when every other post you put in this thread showed you are practically illiterate 
Well I just sobbed at John Lewis advert 
They said I got a Pharrel type flow!!!
Get in and see elder claus 
A guy asked me to help him in REI while I was carrying around some climbing shoes and for a second I thought he thought I was an employee 
I can watch Madea Plays and Movies All Day 
Haha i remember going crazy in the stands thinkin he missed it
"LOOK WHERE YOU EATING AT" 
This meme has just made our morning. 
When Shola Ameobi gets suprised with a birthday cake at the 
New York is a pop culture legend, she’s still giving us memes & quotes to this day 
WOW .. this Royal policy would free up a lot of My time 
Livan Hernandez, Filthy Backdoor Curveball. 
When you learn your housemate has finished his thesis and you can hang out again 
Sorry i just couldn't resist 
Thanks Meg, see you in a bit 
IThe Weather Channel set up for a live shot of the Georgia Dome being imploded. 
Apparently, our 4 year old son didn’t take kindly to the empty manger... 
I am pissing my pants watching this right now 
This was my last scene. Strange one to end on 
“you don’t rush that...you know. this is butters.”  
I’m working till I got as many cars as ppl say 
Agriculture is the production part and nutrition is what the body takes. According to my understanding...sikufanya Agric
Someone random on Wilshire Blvd offered me an avocado. Come on now actually? where are the cameras lol 
Need to get prepped for the next month of videos, I'm expecting to put together some good content (for once 
A day for patience which is always a struggle for me 
When they think they can hide their wedding from you, but they don't know you have a PhD in 
Lil bro needs a snickers. He’s acting out of character! 
Searching for gifts for kids, this 
Who thinks this is comfy? 
This day in 2014... Lol 
My dogs high af right now....
One of the neighbours isn't talking to us 
Your juke moves are DISGUSTING lol. We had no answer for you, but thanks for supporting the channel 
I'd watch that. 
My makeup artist skills, what do you think? 
This actually happened! 
THIS IS AMAZING!!! 
Liverpool's biggest problem perfectly summed up in one tweet! 
 Not only a great magic show but you got me cracking up with your jokes! Thanks! 
We know ours but we may be a little biased 
When the big ass gets in the way
As I was reading this I started singing it 
“Oh, fuck off” 
She can't stand this about personalised number plates!!! 
Memphis folks are too funny foo
So excited for next weeks sick note already. Rupert Grint and 
Now that I just finished my SHORTCUT Thanksgiving episode, I'm getting ready to make FROM SCRATCH green bean casserole on The Kitchen on 
Just a puppy running in slow mo because you deserve it 
Big Ben looks like he's about to rob the McAllisters. 
Goes out to a few people, that constantly asking me if my tweets are about them
Rocking the hard hat on abc news last night 
. I quite enjoy a good reasoned debate tho 
Who wanna battle?! 
Selfie commemorating TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY's final run in the rehearsal room today before moving to the New Ohio for tech - and also the fact that our Producing Artistic Director Michael and playwright 
Last year I actually liked everyone in their own way on 
Hahaha doesn't get any better 
Just saying... Ben wouldn’t have to look like this if he just rode his bike. 
I’m sure you won’t be making this mistake again
Still finding it weird seeing my face on there 
This kid thought he was getting a PS4 for his birthday... 
Just checked... still more than double yours. Noticed that ITVs viewing figures actually go up when you finish 
Shock!!! there are still tickets available 
Trainers' title?! 
 and Tutt trying to operate this contraption 
Striving for every other day still 
I just read that entire argument. Somebody just got themselves a new follower 
Is it just me, or does it look like that cat is trying super hard not to stare? 
TONIGHT! Join us 
name a better duo. i'll wait 
Name something small and colourful... 
Opposite allyoop lookback, check out that pout 
I HAVE ACTUAL REAL TEARS IN MY EYES! I was really tired this day 
I've still got tinsel and baubles stuck in my hair 
Passion is addictive the clock can't even keep up with it. If it's not pass 3am am not ready fii sleep. Just like u
Arrived a bit early to the Scottish Parliament 
And Turd Ferguson knows funny. 
Haha good word play. 
We loved our band call yesterday. Matt who plays Curtis was upstaged here by a wind instrument 
It was a great day to graduate 6th grade today at 
It’s school visits day and 
I think I love Monsieur Macron 
If you don’t know what a belt squat machine is by 
“Ok, now let me take one of you” - Fred 
Haha. I don’t fully understand this pic. But I love the Red Ranger chicken! 
ALL THAT DARTH VADER TALK 
The Sensory Spa Garden at 
Issa yak and skills block party! Come join the fun and please bring dessert to share and your own chairs
This makes alot of sense 
The best of friends from and beyond the 
he did all that just to get called oomf lmaooooo this is why men talk shit about us
To celebrate 20k a repost of my first ever topless selfie 
Holy moly gigantasorus cucumber! Clearly I was not allowed near it hahaha
I knows it’s early to say this but I think Shappi is going to get on my nerves on 
Not hating lool but Kylie Jenner is about 95% plastic so why is anyone surprised her wax figure looks so natural and like her 
Good morning beautiful people.. I once attempted to be a scout for the Colts.. “Chuck, he didn’t cough once” 
Dis nifga king_draq just ordered a 92 piexe wita medium fry at american deli lol 
Made it just over two years and we’re still married! Guess I’m doing something right 
Don’t always allow it but let the boys have an open spar session tonight there were some big shots going in could’ve sold tix 
 what's really sad is 116 people actually liked this post!
The good ole Southeast 
Those are my kinda people!! Constant fear whenever I’m down to the last 20 toilet rolls!! 
 like when you had to move my 300 pairs of trainers 
Aspen sad face makes me happy
When you haven’t slept and you have to be awake in 4 hours 
LaVar & Lonzo after his debut last night 
Warren has Frampton in his ring, Warrington and Quigg In punditry, Degale and Selby fighting next month and Eddie Hearn bumders are angered at Warren using Sweet Caroline 
A mini FWA ACADEMY reunion last night! Some 17 years on we still haven't made it to 
Shaq bet Chuck that he wouldn’t make a face in the “One Chip Challenge” 
Glad to know I can still easily do a muscle up... after a bit of caffeine 
Don't thank me, I'm just pointing out the obvious. But I'm glad that I made someone (you) feel better today. So I guess that's my reward. 
UKG Dances remain the GOAT dance moves 
I really hate when people also say “El Paso is a small city” but in reality it’s like the 16th biggest “city” in the United States 
Asha sharing wisdom with us all last night. 
I'm that extra counselor! Yes, I had a helicopter and HERO TRUCK come to Career Day 
life was better two weeks ago
Big up everyone chatting shit about me but wouldn’t @ me or chat shit to my face cos they know theyd get punched 
Wataru Iriyama, our Japanese intern, has been with us for the past 3 months and he will leave today to start his own brewing adventures in JAPAN! 
To the Champions League we Progrès 
 great laugh. Can’t believe we were in the shop for 4 hours 
sleepy buddy :)
Brilliant way to start my day in Marbella. Butter chicken curry with tears of laughter 
 I've done similar before I hear ya
This the best video I’ve ever seen 
What did KG actually say to 
I just saw this and I’m crying 
Anyone care to challenge with the legend 
Marshawn Lynch man of the people 
Look what I found on my desk 
yeah but we first have to build the solidity IDE 
How beautiful and delicious looking are these? We will be pine-ing for them until they hit stores in mid-December
Manual is the funniest human being I've ever met 
I've lost so much and learnt much. There's a reason why things have slowed down. Don't think theres nothing to show for it though 
Thought up a new name just for Halloween 
Wasn’t planning on this, but Sunday club has got me in the mood!!
We could've snuck one.  
I swear I literally don't stop singing round the house 
One of the best scenes in Film history 
The size of the hands and feet on my son
It's not been bingo, it's the officials calling out the last rider  across the line in each lap of the elimination. 
When Jaws, one of the biggest monsters in horror, is reduced to the size of a shirt but still makes a big splash in reality somehow 
Beto: Guarda-redes full-time, ninja em part-time. 
I'm sorry but who wears a SEXY ass outfit like this while talking SPORTS?? 
VIDEO: Benn brothers get physical as parents look on 
Tete must of left the oven on last night 
If you order now, we'll also throw in a set of steak knives! 
Your teabagging and taunts are not sick if, you do it whilst man is stunned and then finish the combo... If you’re a REAL G! Stun man and go fullscreen and taunt. Let them out of stun if you’re bad!
I have four half written articles.... anyone else want to be my co-author on them for their .5 of the 
Listening to the 85 south show podcast on this road trip wit 
YES! Now change your picture to one of me 
Today Botswana RSA exchange benchmarking trips and trade has increased. That is why we played stupid when they came looking.
I lost it at this!!! 
This is hilarious - “this isn’t instagram love I can’t swipe your face for filters” 
The CRAM shield has sent them a tad crazy... 
“It’s learning” 
Probably should keep some things to yourself. 
 has a self portrait in the FOX2 garage 
I am the championnnnnn myyyyy friennnnndddddd 
Specs and Stevo is a match made in heaven 
I’m on season 8 and it gets better and better hun , and I know I also feel like I’m in it sometimes 
Just heard a woman on Moore street call 
 “12,000 upvotes!?!? WOW" “Why are people always screaming at me?!”"Stop talking into the TOP of my head!!"What are your best captions?
They even filmed a live video so people can find the stage easier in future! 
"Is it like craftsmanship wrapped in a heart attack? DAMN RIGHT IT IS!" 
Enjoying some time off in NYC with my crew
Can't believe I almost paid someone to replace my car battery...five minutes to change it and I feel the most accomplished 
Best hosts ever? Definitely the funniest 
We had to buy a new tree for the new house and it’s finally up and decorated!! Still need a tree topper (any ideas? I was thinking the HP sorting hat 
Expectation VS. Reality 
The things y’all tweet me...
Chris Breezy with the dance moves 
In fact he will be an Mbaise man 
When you try to sneak into the club with a White-T on..
 can we please let it go??? I regret asking all those questions. I hate going through the emotions over & over again
These arrived today. Anyone heard of this brewery? 
Ummmmmm, there’s NO such thing as too much leopard print... RIGHT?! Growwwllll
Now that’s a cookie cake! 
Agreed! South African Frog names are pretty bland. I think the closest we have to Pobblebonk is Rubber Frog. It’s time to go ANC on them and change their names 
Carb loading with leek &mushroom pasta! Kids love Indian food but they have requested if I would not make indian this week
When I run outta toilet paper I’m savage af. I’ll wipe my ass with anything. One time I used the brown toilet paper roll 
9am wig and makeup call....! 
Oi guys this might possibly have been my favourite moment of 2017 
Ngl 70% of the reason I watch TOWIE is because of 
Daniel Sturridge finding out about his pace on FIFA 18 is the funniest thing I’ve watched today 
These Scottish fans at Wembley 
Lazy, or brilliant? 36 degrees, so my friend is grilling from inside 
Ryan and I get into a tif and Syd goes “I am neutral. I am Switzerland.” 
Sparky's nerding out over the new Star Wars trailer. All Jo can think about is how shiny Chewbacca's coat looks. 
I'm just going to state the obvious. Not all superheroes wear capes. Some work with cameras and bass. 
Why i know where this is. These nigga got THE BEST TACOS EVER 
This how they think i look In Toronto. 
Just in case you wanted to see the slow motion version of 
Fam, Bradders & I were still on top deck of buses at 17/18 talking shit & drapsing at the back 
“Ms. Hughs I love finding words in words! It’s like a wordception!!” 
Wow you got it!! Yes indeed the wild party 
No kidding! You look so funny tho, those pants 
 Young man sentenced to life in prison handed KY Jelly in court by cop he shot
Here we go episode 10 “ rhinestone cowboy” our funniest yet , well for 
Oak park should win a few games with these guys: LOL 
Take your car travelling without those extra miles 
NOW IT'S OFFICIAL LOL 
I love earl grey tea 
Tour Life Member and an all-round legend.It's 
These kids were a trip! They ask the tough questions 
I’m done. I should know better than to log onto twitter anymore...
This is too good to be true...
Xmas tree I bought fit so tightly in my sedan that I’m all the way up pressed against the steering wheel driving 
It's like whatever is wrong with Igwe 2pac is contagious 
WHAT A HOWLER OF A MISS THIS IS 
Coach just standing there like "I'll wait..."
This went horribly wrong... 
Meh, he’s average. 
Austin told us a story on how he met George Strait 
Welll.... i think its fair to say that was not my finest dance thus far 
This cockatoo knows who's boss 
Eddie Nketiah’s Wikipedia has already been updated by Arsenal fans 
Antonio Conte has some of the BEST celebrations in the 
I need to invent something to stop me inventing silly ideas 
Drake think he so slick I see ya working nigga 
I can’t think of any appropriate banana jokes .. lol 
My brother had to wait for me, so he drew all over my whiteboard. I don't want to clear it anymore 
just sat down at breakfast in Montréal next to an older American couple. they got their drinks and the grandpa says “GRACIAS!” 
This Saturday myself and top man 
When the direct deposit hit.. 
Viral Video: Senator Dino Melaye has a few words for his detractors. 
The North London Derby 
Amber calling Chris immature 
Looks like this husband will be sat at the kids table this Thanksgiving 
Ebuka: ... Mrs Adesua EtomiBanky W /Crowd: Ehn??? Who is that?Ebuka: Sorry... Mrs Adesua Wellington.Crowd: Ehen.
That Lavar Ball interview ending tho 
Never laughed so much seeing 
