It was great to see some of your products on show and outside 
Thanks for the shout out, Kelly! Such a pleasure to be amongst seriously fine company 
We’re trying very hard to help brilliant 
Yay! Thank you so much 
Thanks so much Ciara ...v kind! 
My future daughter in law is Awesome!! Love it Kianna!! 
Buffet lovers will love Le Comptoir! Feast on culinary delicacies from around the world
Towering & Sofie arrived safely at Hexham prior to his run 
Thanks Folks. Happy 
Geeky but cool. I love this stat 
Loved the trailer,really looking forward to this
Presenting a new documentary series starting on Monday 26.Here's a wee link with the info.
I can’t wait till it starts snowing heavy 
So glad you came out!! 
I have many happy memories from singing with this wonderful choir - 20+ years ago now though! 
You've a freaking awesome voice, you sound very close to Adele's voice. 
Our All In group were busy decorating Pudsey biscuits this morning. 
Fresh cranberries are small, tart, and vibrantly red. The classic Thanksgiving fruit, they evoke images of flickering fireplaces, family gatherings, and cozy sweaters. 
Don't forget to come and see Jon campling tomorrow 
Just what all you nutrition people were hoping for; vegetable Christmas decorations 
We couldn't agree more! If in doubt, add more 
It's my Birthday I'm 45 today....Thank you God 4 blessing me to see another year 
So cute can you post a picture with you and Shamari holding them. I mean you don't have to I just like to see parents bonding with babies
Open to students 11-17. There is a course in Stirling in February 
 It's worth the wait! Welcome back 
Sharing a few snaps from today in Moscow 
Please remember to wear something spotty today (or non-uniform)for a voluntary contribution of 50p to show your support for Children in Need. 
My pleasure! Always enjoy sharing my story 
Looks like our Business Consultant Diane & Assessor Lisa are having a great start to their day at the 
Delighted to see Towering winning for his new connections 
Books! One month to go! Pre-order links at 
Sunday roast & watching Countryfile by the fireplace. No place like home 
2 days ago in LA working with this lovely girl. .. 
I love this little article in a local magazine 
Some of our owners are raising money for the Neonatal Unit at Leeds General Infirmary. Follow the link to donate 
Live with the Long Dark! Survival at its finest, dying to wolves and all! Let's chat and hangout! 
Set times for today's Beer Festival 
Thank you, Ram ! 
Opening Night.... let the fun commence!
Winter's almost here, so let's make the most of 
Having fun at the Aberdeen House dinner!! Success 
Home. And - such excitement! - some of our pears are ready for harvesting. There shall be cake 
Next seminar of African Peoples and Pasts Series: Afro-Asiatic Connections in the mid Holocene | Ceri Shipton -  Dec 14, 2017  06:00pm  Room: 612, UCL Institute of Archaeology  
such an interesting experience last night chatting to 
Cute lil' blog post about indie brands to look out for, including us! 
You’re too kind, 
We’re thankful for incredible partners, supporters, teammates and fans who helped make this season so bright! 
These two are going to dominate my Twitter feed between now and the wedding, & I’m super okay with that lol. Congrats to the royal couple 
This hotel is seriously amazing - loving every minute 
Brereton at his first Welsh Squad session today - loved every minute of the hard work  
When you wake up & remember you got fresh leather 
Owl Bat Bat Owl spotted 
Only 2 events til leave - AT Conf Sat morning and 
Exciting moment during today's Santa's Day Parade when I spotted a fellow New York Islander's fan!  We need to stick together!! 
Saturday L2 Goalscoring Shoutouts 3 of my best mates in Football the one & only 
Fantastic! Absolutely, each to their own and you should do whatever makes you most happy/passionate 
My great& lovely friend 
Awww thank you!! Thanks for being a part of it! 
We're looking forward to some fun activities around the wards and departments 
Seasons are coming again See you there. 
Afternoon tea in Wonderland anyone? 
Somebody wasn’t feeling well today... I think a day out with his mummy is better than any medicine 
Have a family day out and save yourself the hassle of driving & parking the car 
Even firemen had to come and join the first 
In honor of (the day after) 
S= Still H= Here I= Ignoring N= Negative E= Energy 
Also carrot cake, bagels, fish and chips, Waze, condoms, USB sticks - oh, and cherry tomatoes 
Super excited to nearly be at the 6k mark on Insta! Come and say hi if you are on there too 
And his sister! MashaAllah, lovely family 
Thank u!! Best tweet!! 
Thanks for your support Stephen. It means a lot 
Some aquaponic news for your Thursday 
Vodka
!!! The weekend is here
 Trending At 1st Place In Twitter ! 
This is wonderful! Well done to the 
Big love to all the manchester crew! What a weekend 
Alright, let's give this Steady Divine business a rest now.
It was so nice catching up with an old buddy 
 what a brilliant evening, went with 4 other English teachers & loved every moment of Simon Armitage. It was great to see some of our students there too, loving poetry. 
Thank you! Here's hoping for benevolent peer reviewers
A little something for your Holiday playlists 
I met so many happy smiley 
Got this note today from a former student who is now in HS.  It’s amazing how a small thing like this can brighten my whole week 
Ms. B is spending her morning learning more about Hip pain in Gymnastics & Cheerleading
Happy long weekend SOM fam! 
We can't wait!! 
Hehe this did make me chuckle! That’s because we are awesome in Shropshire! 
Bati (warrior) in training at the Savusavu markets 
Our team at the Curve Library Slough celebrating World Mental Health Day. Come and talk to us 
What a beaut chilly morning 
Great photo! It’s come full circle now ay! Bringing back some great memories of our days! Good to catch up tonight 
Amazing news congrats Al 
And yes.. I just admitted it.. LeBron is better than Michael Jordan! We can start the twitter argument if you want.. I’m ready 
Lovely morning with TAs delivering the OTAP 
Never thought our VIP room would turn into a Trophy cabinet. How bad 
Looks amazing- thank you for sharing 
Glasgow I'm coming on 21.01.18 
Loved walking the carpet last night with our daughters 
It's launch event week! Come and see what's in store for you in 2018! 
Next week. New show. 
Making sweet sweet noise with the fooooooking awesome 
The Harris Bursary helps students in hardship - what a brilliant achievement from our student body! 
We’ve gone and got ourselves a stunning new website thanks to the wonderful people at 
Happy to see CheckMate holding its place in my 
So the last case was brought buy 1 person...so we got more in for you all to try!! 
Nice one for the lovely review 
Last night marathon 24 happened 
Thank you for joining our community Emily 
I will never get sick of spotting friends in bookshops 
Easy! Such a cool concept. Thanks for getting back to me! 
 Class of 2017 Integrated Senior Soldiers course. Good luck for 19 Oct 17 - result day 
TONIGHT! I'll b performing for the launch of Wave Magazine 
One of local fells Knock Pike at sunset this evening as I set off up fellside for a wild camp. Cracking light caressing the area again! Hoping for a clear starry night soon 
Yay!! Good 
Officially welcoming our new OT’s to the OT team 
Always a pleasure to have Mr Brand at The Farm - we love a cupcake 
LAST FCA OF THE SEMESTER TONIGHT!! Led 1 final time by the gal who started it all...our great senior leader 
Happy 1st December to these lovely bloggers and to everyone else to 
My lovely amazing old English teacher from school. Super proud and an inspiration. 
Looking forward to seeing both of you this weekend 
Here’s my Elsa girl last night! She had fun but was a little timid going up doors as you can see. 
Make Mondays the best day of the week by tucking into a gorgeous jelly dessert tonight! Credit 
Treats so sweet, you'll be tempted too! Our brand new kids afternoon tea is now available 
The children will have lots to tell you about this when they get home today parents 
"Inside CI was there..., and we were blown away with what we saw."Thank you 
Let's See if Facebook Hashtags Get More Reach! You'll like this test result 
Norwich looking pretty this evening 
Glad you had a great time - see you soon! 
They're not called delicious magazine for no reason! Check out these healthy oat muffins with 
AFTER NEARLY 7 MONTHS MISSY IS HOME. THANKS FOR RT's 
Game time soon! Picking fans from the audience to play with me vs 
I guess christmas is here early ?? hi cutie 
Our early days as a family of four. They make me smile. 
Little one’s weekend project! No instructions necessary! 
Thanks to all at Newcastle Christmas Market for your time and hospitality. Excellent quality. You didn't disappoint 
We've had a great turnout for 
A great way to get into the music industry 
Good morning, happy hump day! It’s going to be a beautiful Wednesday with plenty of sunshine and a high of 60°. Much cooler temps are on the way tomorrow and for the rest of the week… Have a good one my friends!
Is is excellent bread! Made for us by 
A very inclusive toy for all kids. I love that you guys made it! 
Lovely to have a surprise today and go for lunch with 
Many people were involved in giving Mars this happy ending. We thank all of them and I am sure Mars does too. Thank you Buddhi Batiks for choosing to adopt and adult dog. We struggle to find homes for adults, so we are very grateful. 
Think deeplySpeak softlyLove lotsLaugh oftenWork hardGive freelyExpect lessBe kindStay honestKeep it realBe YOURSELF 
We'll be back to reply to your tweets on Monday. Check out 
You're welcome Johan 
Just having a chill night catching up with video! Got to love it 
This has made my day, thank you! One of my favourite projects and teams. So lovely
*ALERT* Are you a 18-30 y/o 
Successful weekend of crafting, cleaning and getting our home to feel more like home 
Feeling blessed on the first day of winter 
Tickets on sale! Book for a fun evening & help us support a superb 
 massive thank you to asda Gateshead! Made my little boys day 
For some of you who haven't seen THE MEETING produced by 
When great minds get together you can achieve anything. This makes me 
Today was just made for hot waffles. Leaves you feeling all warm and toasty on the inside 
One year later and I can proudly say I am working a dream job of mine!!! Grateful for everything!!! 
This compliment is coming from one of the smoothest voices I’ve ever heard 
Looks even better in the evening with all of it's twinkly lights 
eHealth = VBM's 
Final session for the album in the studio 
Great work - benefits the team as individuals as well as local residents, thank you 
A proud day for my family and I
So when are we going to see you lot in a viral video dance off @MPSThamesmead are you up for it, have a great idea for you if you are 
For more information, visit 
Well almost two weeks since i returned home after the little walk back home from London 
13 nominations in 10 categories for the 
Thanks for coming over, Josh! It was nice meeting you 
Calf raises while photocopying...why not! Workout at work! 
Would you rock this? Subway&bus life would be DIFFERENT. 
Thoroughly enjoying how much my daughter is loving Amelia Fang. "The puns are brilliant in this, mum!" 
 we are so fortunate that all our nursing students get access to this excellent resource 
Shanksh to everybuddy who came to say "HI!" at my Fire Safety Mission to LOWES HOME IMPROVEMENT!! Was sooperfun for reals!! 
Just partook in the most unusual networking activity (
Thank you Mr. G for bringing great learning opportunities to our students!! Your extra effort is appreciated!! 
SANBI has a holiday programme for learners at Pretoria NBG's education centre. It's a fun-filled experience for the young minds, and it is ABSOLUTELY FREE
Remember, if you are feeling tired or stessed then follow the advice on this bench... 
Beautiful views on this drive from LA to Phoenix 
Cheer up a dull day @ Joe’s 
Wouldn't mind being taken away on this right about now 
2nd workshop of the day, reaching senior cycle framework outcomes this morning 
We've had our eyes on this burger for a while and it did not disappoint... 
So today is the biggest cricket crowd, ever, at Adelaide Oval! 
Remarkably similar! But, zoom in to see the castle and cathedral 'whole'. Beautiful map 
Thankful for the Stivrins family who gave our Husker family a warm welcome to AZ!!
There are lots of ways to check out my interview with 
Cuteness takes on a whole new meaning when two old friends 
When you go shoppin for comics today, grab first issue of Simsolo & Bezian's DOCTOR RADAR published by 
My favourite Song love it 
That's all from us for another week on Twitter! Time for me to hit the road. The team will be back on Monday at 8am but if you have an emergency before then please visit 
We hit 10,000 likes on our Facebook so we're giving away 10 Coffee hampers to celebrate! Pop on over to enter if it takes your fancy 
Two of our committee members, Claire & Ryan, had a brilliant time in London yesterday at the 
Nutters Ice Cream with the gal 
Season 1 ended but watch out for season 2! 
Thank you for your support! Hope you had a great evening 
Delighted to announce, Bumblebee Wreath Workshops, 28th Cork city, 30th on the Flower Farm.  Catch us in Cork while you can! RT's appreciated 
Good afternoon from Appleby Castle! 
LIL Ewok! That's a sweet girl!
@disney_frump anything you can share? 
Francesca,Brett representing Silverfit 
FULL TIME: Lowestoft 3-1 Leatherhead! Thanks 
Thanks Adrian for the write up! 
Happy Gogglebox Friday everybody 
This just made my day. 
Hey, the Chucklefish & Friends Bundle is live! Get a nice discount when you buy all the Chucklefish games! 
A solid weekend gives us lots to take into training. Special thanks to all of our sponsors for the support and for the comments throughout the past few days 
We had a fantastic day today at 
Vikki is doing an AMAZING job as a reporter 
Thank you all very much for the birthday wishes... you made my day magical 
So much love right back 
Hearthy is featured on Disruption Hub 
Thank you so much for your hard work Sophie! You've done an amazing job 
The things I do to come and see you Belfast 
We're very glad you enjoyed lunch at the Tower 
Hi guys, don't forget to 'quote RT' on your phone or 'RT' on desktop, with your preferred location. For a chance to win 
Thank you Lesley. The feedback means a lot to me. 
Great video summary of the fantastic opening last week of stunning new theatre space - even a little glimpse of my daughter, head girl 
 Thank you for our fund raising certificate - we're really proud of the amount of money we raised on our World's Biggest Coffee Morning! 
disgusting that half eight is a lie in 
My Holly Jolly memory is learning to bake Nanaimo Bars and sharing the tradition with my 4 daughters and now my grandchildren soon enough! 
After to have assisted to your victory last year it's just so great to relive that this year ! What a race, what a team !! #88  
..but we will be back..bigger n better...watch this space for more beer related shenanigans 
Can’t explain to you how much meeting fans and just having real conversations even short ones makes me feel so happy before performing. Like learning about a fan and if it’s their first show fuck I love it so much and seeing like OG fans 
Happy happy business as usual at RELAY on Concession.  Come for coffee 
Oh thank you Jean-Francois!! 
• Unanimous Positive Reviews For 
Many thanks to the very busy fab MP 
Aw, love getting Thank You Cards!!!! So pleased you enjoyed the Baps!!!Many thanks to 
Kaiet & Joama from the Basque Country visited us on 
Fantastic. Well done and welcome! 
In need of something to warm you up on your Monday evening commute? Pop into Costa Coffee at Brindleyplace and pick up a cup of happiness!
The Elks also advance to 6-0 in our district
That's some good quality 
AHH!! I saw the fully edited first episode of “Corey’s Crazy Karting Adventure!” Can’t wait to share these episodes with you guys! 
THANK YOU for the shout out and for your wonderful support! Glad you enjoyed the film! 
These awesome girls managed to make a brutal day 
Happy Monday! We hope you had a lovely weekend 
VOTE B AGAIN VOTE B AGAIN 
Lost some time in lap 2 due to a brake problem, I came back to 5th. Manager&rider happy. Good start 
 I finally killed my cactus, but I had my directions to start a new one. Miss your face 
Stuck at work, but will leave you a host if you are still going. 
LORDY!!!!! I see 
New track out this Friday 1st Dec with the lovely vocals by 
Happy Charter day boys!! 
Excited to be brewing with our shiny, new big kettle today 
Looks like it's been lovely low down today 
I was at Dalmarnock last week and thought you must have been chairing this meeting 
Christmas has come early with our festive room rates of $155 (single room) and $165 (double room).Your Afropolitan Christmas is just a call away +233 302 765 180 Book now 
Don't forget to attend this very inspiring event tomorrow 
Looks fab! Love it 
Huge thank you to all of the healthcare professionals 
New house & dip in mental health - all good now! Add to website FREE or I'll do it FREE til 1/1/18! 
 Who would have thought this was October! 
Most delighted to be considered an amazing Glaswegian, getting a pure beamer so I am 
 That will be nice. Please keep me posted
It’s true what they say about birding helping mental health. I could watch Whoopers everyday of my life, and feel on top of the world. If only it worked like that 
And we’re off! Day 1 of Chatsworth Christmas Market down, another 18 more days to goooo! 
Awesome video Anisha didi 
Working with the general public gives me great satisfaction 
She's my friend yay 
Hot drinks taste so much better in festive mugs 
 ACP Nandini Shukla is just too good in the movie...Her action scenes are treat to watch...!!
Leaving Mpata today was extremely sad but I'm so grateful for our amazing partnership and what we have achieved. Til next time 
Nothing beats a really happy dog! 
Thanks for the feedback guys! 
We’re so happy to support your work 
Looking for some great gifts? Check out my Amazon shop for the products I love and recommend. 
Sounds like a good night! I'm a Honiton girl so love a bit of Otter 
If you feel so moved, please LIKE our page. We SO appreciate your support!  
It's the least we can do to say thank you for all of your amazing contributions 
Baddest !!!! Omo Oloree 
TONIGHT! FREE ENTRY w/ sounds supplied by Baba Stiltz, DABJ & Big Miz. 
We're always grateful when our programs get recognized. 
Four years and over 11,000 signatures later... 
Thank you for the mention & the feature madebyhandonline
highlight of my day today will be receiving my 
Replaced my poppy pin with this one from 
To who, what and where do we belong? The mind is reeling! Thankyou 
Happy thanksgiving day to all who celebrate it today 
So true and applies to our NHS family 
Thanks for sharin’ guys! 
Amazing day thanks for having us 
Bontle always makes my Friday 
I don’t know if it’s down to being SLT or just doing weekly assemblies now that mean more children across school know who I am but I tell ya it’s lovely having them say hello on the corridor, come & show me their work etc 
Training WILL be on tonight! 82 stagecoach bus is what you need 
Only a few days left to register your place at December's Adolescent Lives conference, a cross-displinary look at all aspects of young people's wellbeing. 
We met some sweet girls in Gallup that came to give the Gov flowers 
Can’t wait for Friday and Christmas movies on freeform 
Hocus Pocus Bestus Captionus and Singus! Bravo 
 we wanted to share that we have just launched a gorgeous range of fully organic and vegan gift boxes 
They did swimmingly... as one might guess! 
No clue. Should be interesting 
  Lovely seeing you in my hometown in Hertford while filming English Scandal 
nvm these kind of ppl bro
The pop-up shop looked fabulous, 
Every moment can be the fresh start you wanted. 
Thanks so much for the kind words, Lindsey! We're glad you had such a good time 
Our fun alumni group 
Annie Pearson's looks ! Thank you 
Delighted to hear that Liz. Would have loved to continue with the discussions. Another screening to follow in January. Hope you can make it along 
With Sasha here, lead in our film, ‘THE BOY WITH THE TOPKNOT’ - Please watch it on BBC 2 on the 13th of Nov at 9 pm. 
A lovely collection of pictures of 
You can now pre-order me book!!! 
Ambassador Announcement : Very happy to announce that 
 are the best because there’re just always up for doing anything, even this awesome energiser from 
A snap from the front, thanks for the cut and blow dry 
Wow! After an in-store event, a library visit, and two school visits 
We'll be announcing the winners of the Five To Five fan event in a couple of days, so make sure you pick up some merch before then to go in the running to win!  
We're in the Top100 in the world - 5th year running 
So proud of my S3 BGE class! You are all a credit to 
New outdoor seating at the bushcraft shelter 
Rehearsals with the amazing queens performing tomorrow as living art 
 to this time last week when I was pitching 
Wooh! Can’t wait 
This week's Short Fillim (Nov 20th) fillimed in Toronto 
Hey everybody new video is scheduled for tomorrow! We’re 
Check out my live session of ‘We Should Run’ with Sound Studio 
It’s finally snowing!! 
All primary aged pupils deserve a daily 10 minutes of story-time to let language wash over them. 
Excellent! His shop in Quiggins was a Saturday haunt in my youth. Great bloke 
It's going to be a jam packed day... Experience a day in the life of me 
{Melting} Holiday CHEEr 
Syracuse tomorrow!! Performing an acoustic set at Sharkeys! See ya tomorrow 
Despite the poor quality, I love this interpretation 
Have you thanked a teacher recently? 
That's 19 then, another 5, clean sheet... and a brace 
I'm so excited because my book P.S. I Forgive You was nominated for 2017 Readers Choice Awards! Please vote at 
This Friday I get to sing with my home orchestra 
are women, but congratulations to female MPs of AoK for a 50/50 quota of the committee chairs (7 out of 14)! 
Low key had my first meet back after starting training. Pretty excited with the time and the way I
The smile is back on my face
Thanks to the Irish News for this lovely write-up about what we do at Belfast Marrow 
 STEMtastic -- the next generation of 
We are committed to education and development...just seeing the real benefits now from our culture change and our educational investment strategy across all staff groups.. 
Fabulous article and experience Flo. You have some great skills to bring to the profession. 
2/2 plus we’ll have an emergency kennel. We sometimes get police dropping off hounds they’ve taken from coursers or the dog warden asks us to take one for a short while. It can be busy!! And sometimes a bit sad. But we carry on doing our bit for the hounds. 
Really cool interview I'm glad I got to do. 
Today marks National Aids Day.Join the University of 
What an honour to be the AA’s recommended B and B this week. Thank you so much please fire ahead and retweet away 
Headlining comic just now: "I'd like to thank Aaron for getting Penis Tsunami stuck in my head for the past three days. The fucker." 
Disappointed to miss out on a medal but a big learning experience for this exciting team. Very honoured to win best young player of the tournament. 
Yes please!! A real pleasure to meet you as another kindred soul! Xxx. 
We're super excited to announce that we won a Vodka Master award! Congrats to all our fellow vodka winners! 
So happy and grateful - 
You were fab. Such an inspiration 
Some friends make life a little better 
BODYPUMP tonight 8.30pm Over 1000 reps to warm you up this evening!!Bring a friend for FREE
Thank you so so much for a great evening 
Spring registration is here! Make sure you to log onto MyUTK and choose 
Wooooohoooooo it's Monday, work it baby work it
Very welcome Abbey! Glad you enjoyed it 
Very well deserved! Great stuff mate 
You totally rock, Nisha.. 
2015 They were the pioneers of World's 1st MSc Appl.Culinary Nutrition 
"If you’ve never ventured into the wood panelled dining rooms of the Whitechapel Gallery, it could be time you stepped in." Thanks 
See Y’all Tonight Lexington KY... Kansas City I’ll See You Tomm 
 they arrived super quick now just to give them a try
We were all super proud, particularly Sammy himself! 
Last night was fun. 
So lovely to meet with Clem from 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes. Part of my birthday treat involved going to see this play Labour of Love which I thought was brilliant 
Lol yo welcome. 
Our Salisbury store is hosting a 10% military discount tomorrow Friday 1st December from 5pm-10pm! 
! Good news. My first convention appearance! Who is coming to meet me at 
It's Motivational Mondays 
And it was well worth the wait 
Not everyday you get a parcel off a Sir. Thanks so much 
That’s a big leap brother 
When you are up in the middle of the night, it’s fun to watch infomercial of spray painting devise with 
Amazing work by everyone especially the wonderful Vicki from 
Scrolling through a new account that I love and spot the old school tassel. 
Anyways the way this nikka woke me up 
It was so special to watch you in full Autistic Gardener mode.     It's really given you a mental boost too. 
If we were all kind to each other the world would surely be a better place! Here's a lovely way to prepare for Christmas the giving season - give kindness 
Great to hear our latest single hitting the national airwaves across the water on 
Wish you a very Happy Birthday, 
The Holiday Makers Market starts tonight at the James St. Cathedral.  See you there 
We have an Open Day tomorrow and can't wait to meet prospective 
This is wonderful 2 hear! Delighted tht 
Save the date peeps...July 27th
Can't wait to see you 
Nice to hear, it means a lot
That's a nicer picture! The Foilco gang collecting their amazing 
7 course tasting menu at a restaurant in central London 
Congratulations and Thank you to all the Team at The Rotunda Foundation 
You have put a lot of work in that most ain't aware of bro it's been a long time coming 
Today:
Love this podcast.... perhaps a little too much... 
Thankyou so much Michael ! What a beautiful message 
Super proud of this new collab with the legend 
Share with your followers if you think they’d be interested. 
Thank you very much! Always an honour to 
Indeed we were, will ensure that we share the outcome with young people 
Pleasure to speak! Thanks for being there. 
Enjoying a nice pre birthday 
Cause I'm thankful for everything and this delicious looking meal we're about to smash as well 
Out for dinner with awesome friends
Funny thing is I had a give away planned for 500 followers. Guess I'll hold off until this one's done. Thanks guys did not expect this many 
Beautiful people of Durban please come through to the Batcentre tomorrow. From 15:00, R150 will get you in
Trunk or Treat Friday, October 27 
Amazing we have reached the £1000 point, thank you so much to all those who have donated so far. Can you help us reach our £3000 target? Every donation counts and makes a difference. Thank you in advance 
What a nice cake! We recommend to bake a chocolate cake with Change Chocolate 
"More than I could dream" - Jacques Rogge on the 
Thanks Fram... really kind of you to say. Much appreciated 
I did similar years ago around 
The heartwarming moment when David Beckham surprised the amazing 
.... and to George in the NSEA county qualifier at Petley Wood!!! Super round, just one down. Hope the runners have as much fun as we have! Good luck everyone 
Good morning Anna , good morning Gary have a great Sunday 
Superstar Megan has taken to the skies in aid of Age UK 
Oh yes, I will face it with a confident smile
3 hours left to enter Kingussie! We are sitting at 170 entires, let's see if we can get a few more! 
How about you share those three breaks rolled up in one?
What a team. Have a great day. Do your best 
Ok, guys, so now that I'm on my way to being a reality tv star I thought I'd do some paparazzi training! It's going really really well 
First Snowfall. Listening to Damien Rice. Burning Palo Santo. Drinking Tea. Sunday. 
We need to make sure we all smile once in a while ! 
We're raring to go for day two of 
Very serendipitous. I wanted to double and I was signed up for the 800m. Because of the schedule, the only event that I could double enter in was the steeplechase. My dad suggested I try it 
ALL THESE YEARS ON 
And we can proudly say that the first book sold is "How To Be Alone" by Jonathan Franzen!!! 
Pinchos ready to be eaten! Get yourself down here for and after work pint and one of these 
Aliexpress Wishlist #2 
Thanks to all who have retweeted or liked our tweets, really kind and most appreciated. Had so many over last few days, too many to post. Thanks. 
When your reminded daily that your not in control but God is!!! What a Journey!!! 
Really excited to say that next year I won't be returning to 
OMG I got a selfie from 
We've very happy to hear that Anna, you're making us blush 
“At a boy Clarence”. Just watched 
Wake up everyday in a good note, give your day a chance to make you happy! 
Enjoy your day ladies! 
romba naal try panna 3d drawing thaan 
Early Years Assessor full time vacancy to assess level 2,3 & 4 apprenticeship standards. Have a look at 
Huge thanks to the children and their families for their wonderful dressing up efforts today for 
The tubes are ready for us! Question is... are you? Don’t forget your coats on the way to work next week 
You decided and committed today 
A big thanks to all the visitors we have seen today at the  
So, as I promised - the process of painting Adam's hands (
Yes it's basic but thank you 
I don't have a bucket list per say, but if I did. 
Great putting lesson today with 
I had an AMAZING day... I feel so inspired & proud to be in the NHS with so many committed people at the 
Really Amazing to Watch the Freedom
"Before and after she was told she was a good girl" 
Handicap keeps dropping! Can’t wait for next season 
Me and my big sis hope u like it! 
It's Monday but coffee can handle it! 
Apparently men are now scared to be left alone in a room with women... oh good 
Indeed we do and I bet many Americans wish they had a constitutional monarchy right now 
Wonderful performance of Bernd Alois Zimmerman's "Dialoge" Concerto for two Pianos and Orchestra by the Bugallo-Williams Piano Duo and the SWR Symphonieorchester lead by Omer Meir Wellber 
That’s amazing Zahara, well done 
I mean naturally I’m gonna have to spend £1000000 on adapters just to use it but hey. What else would I expect from Apple apple 
Dave recently celebrated his Gotcha Day! 3 years he’s been in his forever home 
Thank you to the people volunteering to help at the food .. your continuous support is greatly appreciated 
Today I've been raising 
Crushing some BBQ (and every side available) here in St. Louis. Perfect pre-speech fuel. 
Ooooh I'm so excited and proud to be on the 
New music! This one was extremely fun and nostalgic for me to write, I hope you like it! 
A smile is a universal language
Our 2nd graders learned we are all different , and worked together to remember to always be kind.
Hey! Miss out on a table at today's Sunday lunch? Guess again. We've managed to jimmy some space after a couple of cancellations; so give us a call if you're hungry. Just look at those vegan yorkies. 
Our Sparkly Hoof Bangle is a lovely way to show your love for horses discreetly 
We're sampling our 70g bars in 
So happy! Me and my dad will be running the 
Can't wait to see and hear the results, they never fail to impress and possibly confuse!!
Save the date, Londoners! 
After a couple of days sampling it, I can safely say the New Mexico DLC for ATS is amazing - the cities look fantastic and the general scenery is stunning! I also love the random events in game, a superb new addition. Nice work 
See only you get this kind of love
We enjoyed our tour of the Children’s Ward at 
Our fab front desk hosts have been busy again this week with decorating a guests room who were celebrating their 
I didn't even pay him to write this 
Please re-tweet and also comment in order to participate. Otherwise we can’t find you. 
TONIGHT — Djing the launch party for three different brands tonight, pull up! It’s gonna be a pretty swell night 
Ah.....so have they finally rolled out the 280 characters to everyone?? I’ll be using mine wisely 
Thursday night we will be open until 8pm 
 Guys this is robin(Ravi Chauhan) from 
I'm sniping this cutie today 
Head to Picturesque Kingsbridge today for 
Instagram - Buchan83, watch out for the live feed....... 
@MissTavakoli Hi Nastaran. I met you when you reviewed 
Learning vocal warm ups at the subway with these badass singers 
I challenged my PLT mentees to pass 10 focus areas 
Thank you, Maia! It was our pleasure to be part of such a fantastic and inspirational set. 
Having some downtime with gel pens, one quick doodle and one 5 hr mega page fill for invitation 
1 DAY TO GO!!!!! Come watch us kick off the WSL season tomorrow with derby day!! 7.45pm @ Halton Stadium 
I’m excited! See you all tomorrow 
Very excited to be part of Light Up Orpington. Come and say hello 
Learning something new Together! 
The bake sale is located upstairs in the foyer! 
The day keeps rolling along for 
And today’s menu 
Miss Dolman's super merit winners this week. Da iawn Eva and Riley 
It's like been able to go back in time and tell myself things I would have wanted to know back then 
I just made another poster to represent all the cool people and things that masse this year awesome for me 
Happy couple enjoying their deserts they asked me to make personally 
 When i finally get home to find this waiting for me 
I know you're sick of hearing me jawing on about The Break but 
Also, new video on our Facebook page! We showed you guys a night at 
National Numeracy Challenge! Just jump past that first hurdle, create that log-in & watch your numeracy skills fly! 
It was great to meet Michele 
Let's hope life improves for the poor clown once his new journey begins! Thanks for sharing your insights with us
Well how bloody lovely is that?! Thank you John 
Hi, I’m a new blogger, would love to connect with other bloggers. I’ll follow back 
Try to name a cuter family, we'll wait 
Perfect conditions for a row! 
Been recording quite the most extraordinary novel this week - Adam Roberts' 'Jack Glass - The Story of a Murderer.' Strongly recommend it in original form, or - even better - Chapman performed version 
Say hello to Little Miss Inventor, who we'll be meeting on 8 March - tying in with International Women's Day and our very own, British Science Week! 
I see a border love story coming 
An evening with yours truly sharing tales and clips of my work from Scafell Pike to the Himalaya filming my 
Still plenty of time to make your advent calendars. Lots of fab ideas in store incuding mache box drawers and cotton panels to cut and stitch. Come and talk to us about ideas. 
Don’t let another “human” have so much control over you.. 
 The way everyone is lost but tweeting anyway 
I am so glad you liked them.. our in house baker will be well chuffed 
Today is the day! It's still not too late to RSVP! For those who RSVP, don't forget to check your emails to download your tickets or have it open in the app so the QR code bar can be scanned at the meetup to enter in the giveaways! See you all tonight! 
I've been nominated for manager of the month for October, please vote for me if you feel I've done a good job 
Just discovered, by chance, the programme 60 minute Makeover with 
What to do with the last of the autumn leaves... 
HELP! We're looking for bloggers to review our new TGA WHILL powerchair. Please send details about yourself to social@tgamobility.co.uk 
Well done Millie and Heidi passing your level 1 today 
Happiness is... Being married to your best buddy 
Huge congrats to the versatile  & talented  
Many thanks for the kind words 
Thanks to everyone who tuned in this afternoon 
Quick GymQuick RAM upgrade Quick TrimQuick Yiz & Charis ShutdownQuick Evening Announcements 
7 yrs Back I guess. 
Take a quick break this Tuesday and enjoy a slice of your favourite cake! 
Thank you so much to all the people who came to the 
 happy birthday, alexx!! hope you have the best day
Aww i really think every girl needs a 
Playful colors to start a new day with optimism. 
Wow way to go!! 
Congrats Boss On This..More To Come 
Yay 5th grade!! 
Sooo proud of our newest 7/8th grade team out of the East Valley. These girls played hard this weekend 
Right, I'm back in action today, and I just got my new books! To celebrate, I'm giving away one copy 
 takes care of your events ushering needs. You don't need to worry, I'll worry for you
Just found the cutest bookshop in Devon 
congratulations, fantastic news that local interest group has won Lydiard Park bid and not some anonymous corporate 
Saturday came with flowers. 
The NEW Silverfish Media website is LIVE NOW!! Smiles all round 
Just finished an earlier birthday dinner with my parents 
And we’re off!! Excited for the day 
I like this approach better. Not feeling the run today, gonna go lift heavy at the gym instead 
Travel & Tourism coffee morning on now in Conference Room. Lovely home baking available 
If you're a postgraduate student and would like to meet fellow students and hear about ongoing research, come along to our PhD in the Pub event!Join us in 
Thank you for coming and taking part Sarah 
Isn't it just?! 
@xKayleeRx hi there wifey 
Yaaaay really hoping I can get to this, it'd be great to hear you speak again 
Congratulations to my son, Aaron, for passing the drivers license test today! I’m a very proud father to say the least 
Myself, Cdt Brown and Cdt Roberts are in M&S collecting for 
One of the most eagerly anticipated albums for 2017.. This has been a long time coming 
for bookings contactNatasha@mn2s.comFor all kinds of music and enquiries...Marcusnasty4000@Gmail.comOrDjmarcusnasty@hotmail.co.UKFor tribal, funky or tropical music please send to Marcusfunky@Gmail.comThank you all your music and time is always appreciated 
Looking forward to coming and celebrating with you 
How wonderful .. thank you. That statement makes us all very proud 
 happy birthday jaidon !! have a good day
Christmas shopping can be such a drag at times! But not with a Prosecco pit-stop at DBV.
P3 Working in pairs to create their own Scottish dance 
Thanks Emma, Mr Pascal is a legend 
Bespoke seating cards designed for Ailish & Mark! 
We do a little adventuring overnight. 
Daughter's taking in the fresh air and looking over their country estate. 
Have you thanked a teacher recently?  
Home after 8 days in Regina after another successful Agribition with RSK Farms! As usual, great cattle and even better people! Sad it's over but ready to get some sleep! 
Are office dogs a good idea? We certainly think so! 
We've just set our Twitter account up! Would appreciate your support 
Isn't that nice? 
Watch the teaser of PREMA BARAHA 
I’d have had Brackley make a 4, Brixworth make a 4 - and then put them together... 
 Day 3 the final day of fantastic music. Overall an outstanding Festival... Thanks to everyone involved! See you next year 
That feeling you get when you submit a funding application to the 
Trying to find a bag with silver hardware is hard because I don't like silver as much as gold but I need the variety in my wardrobe. Has anyone seen any nice designer bags with silver? 
The countdown has begun! St. Patrick's Day is near! 
Fun time on the green carpet last night and 
I love when I walk by and someone is talking to their dog! Dogs are best friends! I do the same 
Well Done Blue Jays!  Keep It Going! 
Some celebrities of Cotswold archaeology at last night's launch. 
Oooo yes please.....thank you very much 
So proud of all my fellow tafe friends kicking their goals and 
Sunday night means we have a brand new 
 Thank you for a fantastic day! Excited to see your Real PE journey develop and looking forward to working with you again! 
So happy to be a part of this!! 
Morning meditation and hot lemon 
I enjoy playing video games with friends. I wish I could do it more often. 
Congratulations to Will and Brad on passing the Level 2 assessment this morning! Top work boys! 
Genuinely can not wait for tomorrow. Playing in another charity football match for 
We're all now fully informed at 
Sir Peter Fahy says Manchester can show the way to the world for living as a cohesive society unified in love not hate. 
Santa’s little helpers are busy preparing some thank you gifts for our lovely customers! 
Our departures level looks so festive. 
We’re hitting the doors in Lougheed every day and it’s paying off! Come join us 
Thank you very much bello, you know me too well
Thank you to the Jimmy Taylor team for another win this season 
@Golfingteddy@ylcga@heathcharlotte who is lying 3rd in the Junior Telegraph, our young Yorks girl v the best juniors.Great
Breakfast with Santa along with United Fire Fighters at Salvation Army 
Happy FriYAY!! Hope everyone has a great weekend! 
Your body will thank you for all the deep stretching and meditation. 
Good Morning! What are your goals this week? Like Investing, its a marathon not a sprint, utilize your time wisely 
I've been receiving your questions and the answer is YES, all products in my web shop are shipped WORLDWIDE 
I’m gonna go ahead and say thank you for helping make it happen as well 
It's official, I'm now 
You can see the wonderful Alford and a sneak peek of the fab  
I saw you in ravishing blue saree and heard you take my name from the bright stage. I’m small but did understand how great it was to hear my name echo in the auditorium. Thank you for loving me 
Start Your Monday's with a 
FIRST DAY OF REHEARSAL FOR 
kellylibrarian1: SmithReads FISD_Libraries This book is on my desk! Students did the directed drawing this week in Makerspace 
We have a fully booked craft fair now... 
she deserves it!! thanks
Great to meet the new MD at 
Yes, you got every right to be jealous 
Thank you to all of our amazing finalists tonight. And to our Scottish Apprentice of the Year, Rosie! What a great evening! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas - Belsize Village 
Looking for inspo for your holiday shopping? 
Clothing is made to order so takes longer. It's on its way 
Microsoft Educator Community is everything!!! Congrats Robert
Good luck to my little cousin Martin Tom at today's 
 y'a un Happy Hour 
We are open TODAY from 11am - 4pm! Take advantage of 
Looks fun!! Wishing 
Same to same...almost, but I feel he looks like MS Dhoni 
 is a delightful film that passes by like a breeze leaves you smiling... 
Well. Now you know. You asked, you got 
Enter to win tickets to see 
A great afternoon with Sharon @cmftpef visiting 
First edit from today’s audience with 
Looking fab Jacqui, hope you’ve had a great day 
Hey guys, for all you guys asking what stage at Asot I’m on, it’s mainstage. See you there 
Morning everyone, my day has started. What are you guys upto ? 
When the Japanese prime minister shows up in Rio dressed as super mario. ...... japan is where i belong 
Psst!Guess what launched a little early? 
Dom poleon? Yeah I'll have a bottle of that please 
You people that DM'd me when I had a babes DM again 
Thank you for choosing Aksarben Cinema!  Yes, EVERY auditorium has a mix of 
   #25 GLOBAL WITH HOG+EXE+ROCKET 
Join me tomorrow for a tasty tasting 
 well done to Kate, Daryl,  Enid, Paul and Justin for completing there CCA today, good to get the assessors  (some off them) through so they can assess in January 
 Thrilled to let you know that we're reached Kilkenny!! Find us in 
Please check out this stream! Will be going towards the local hospitals in Alberta! 
Such a beautiful building with amazing artefacts of faith for 
Triathlon season wrapped for 2017
We’re in Shrewsbury Square this Sunday morning at 11am just playing some Christmas music and seeing if anyone would like to come to this lovely event in a couple of weeks....we’re trying to help the wonderful 
Amazing stores created by 1st grade students! 
If you'd like to give sanitary protection to women and girls in Dublin direct provision and refuges, these are the drop off locations. Tanken yew 
Target audience training teachers, NQTs and RQTs.....buuuuut you’re ALL most welcome 
Not forgetting a raised ferritin in TATT could suggest further Ix for haemochromatosis - often missed for years before diagnosis 
Retweet if you loved your Christmas Selection Boxes 
 in Melbourne at Corner Hotel tonight 
The world championship final result. Congratulations 
Happily scanning & cheering runners up the hill 
We can now reveal our top secret mid-ride stop - the SUPERB 
A HUGE thank you to all our wonderful supporters in our 
We're raising cash for 
Some days this is what work looks like for me 
And the image from the lar'l Nikon.. 
The feeling is very much mutual 
Looking for a new career in the spa & health club industry?Why not join the Mosaic family? 
So happy to be back in my beer home sweet home 
We’ve got a couple of cracking reds on tasting, and a bunch of exciting events coming up! Come in to find out more 
 thanks so much for signing your fab CD for me! Don't know why it took me so long to buy this, but worth the wait! Love it
Another successful Santa Claus parade!!! Thank you to all the volunteers and all the sponsors!! Stay tuned for more photos 
We have the BEST members! Thanks to everyone who contributed to our Christmas potluck last night 
Lovely biscuit from one of the kids in my class 
Loved it. It was so good 
Good guesses on this so far, keep them coming! And a hint: we’re looking into the past for a specific reason - one that will hopefully make some of you happy 
Santas grotto is ready, he arrives in 1 hour 
This tawny owl was left completely covered in soot after getting stuck in wood burner at a house in Shropshire - luckily he was rescued by an 
Fred Penner! What a gem 
Woke up to this FABULOUS 5 star early review for A STRANGER IN THE COVE! Thanks so much 
Thank you, Sarah-Beth! 
Food prep for the week done
Please help us reach our target. Every pledge helps 
We're glad you enjoyed it! 
This wk we have had 3 new volunteer enquiries across the Division 
Nothing like a post-win autograph session in the locker room! 
Really? Ima do it too!! 
Football is the people’s game - all the people.  I would happily support any player who felt compelled to come out as gay and I have just signed up to the Thunderclap campaign and edited an old tweet to make it all a bit clearer 
Damn it’s good to wake up to having 
 Trailer Trending at #1 
Be Prepared this Saturday 5pm for the Title & Movie First Look will be out 
Remembering the embarrassing days of this country when 'no blacks, no Irish' was pinned to doors of houses. Hope those rotten racist twats are spinning in their graves.
Arrived in Nottingham for 2morrows NAPO agm where I am sitting on a panel discussing women in the CJS 
Another finish line for the comeback! Had a blast racing an awesome women’s field at @im703middleeast! Such a great race and venue.  Truly honored to be part of the family of all my sponsors and all the cheers pre- and post-race. One 
Opening night in Vegas was a blast! WOOHOO! 
The point is anyone can say anything. The question is how many are listening and will follow that dictat. That is to be seen. 
Dar and I never believed in being productive on rainy days and I made it this far...movie day it is 
Next up! I'm playing for Headset next Thursday 9th! At the one and only 
Another zine from our Genderful! event at 
Hi Scotland! We're at the Odeon Glasgow Quay tonight at 7pm! 
Hey thanks, Ed! As ever with 
Had a great time at Prelims yesterday! Congratulations to all the schools that participated 
I'm ready for a busy day tomorrow, the new menu and afternoon tea is a hit 
 great to see you, glad you enjoyed your breakfast! 
You may think doing radio interviews is all glamour, but today my radio live Science segment was from a very hot van in a busy car park between teacher training workshops in Palmerston North 
 well done to Diane and Luvena for passing their first aid course in Norwich today 
HAPPY HOLIDAY WEEKEND & SUNDAY ALL! SHOP IS OPEN! 
Thank u so much @MsLSrinivasan 
Some snaps from day 2 of 'The Tomb in the lab' for 
Well done Year 1 & 2 - fantastic 98% attendance last week 
Another 3 parcels of our yummy Charcuterie heading for England today. Remember folks order online and we will deliver throughout the UK. 
There won't be a video today. BUT today is the very christmas livestream. Excited is an under-statement. 
Because he always brightens our day, we figured he'd make you smile too…the one, the only Donnie Allison! 
We’ll be doing a sharing version. 
Working with you has been the most amazing and unbelievable experience of my career !! Have a great year 
My Bookmas has officially begun! 
We'll be closed for our summer break from tomorrow Monday (21/8) & re open Saturday (2/9) at 9am. See you then 
Looking back on 2017 this has to be my favourite lap of the season 
Few of my favourite things...Sunshine, bikinis and handstand 
Pls RT: Tickets still available for 
Today Special : GOAT with chiminchuri 
Our apprentices are busy prepping food for the 
Really pleased with today's job 
Of course! Glad to hear you're okay 
New back to school shoes for girls 
On the road up to see this lovely human tonight, and books, let’s not forget the books 
Get our second ep on Apple Music 
Great night Laura, thanks for organising 
Seth Tinsley stepped in to play an impromptu support set for 
Hi! We’d love to get your feedback on some new designs we’re testing out!  This test will only take a few seconds (and will help us a lot!).Click the link to start:
It's almost Thanksgiving, and we're 
Good morning .. you can whatsapp me on 0728822149 or call me on 0660495772 for more information about the shoes .. Thank you 
You’re welcome! Glad you enjoyed it 
Incase anyone is interested- my Instagram story is my main dump for stuffs from Snapchat and some other random crazy. 
And it's a wrap .... 
Really ???? REALLY????? You’ve made my day !!!!!! Nurse ! My pills please. 
A pile of Moog. 
I hope you appreciate my green screen skills, 
Meet Bruce a.k.a Monkey 
Thank you! We're so pleased that you enjoyed 
I’m ready for a new hairstyle now
Gate from Free School Lane will be closed on Tuesday 28/11 morning due to works to fix  
It's official! 
At 8i - we say yes. 
Looking forward to great night at 
Sleeptime is happy time for everyone 
Have a good Sunday famhood 
Heard about the amazing work being done at 
Descendants of the original egg thrower - the (In?)famous Brosnan family, without which we may not have the 
It’s opening night! 
Really happy with where this is heading! 
Journey home begins… trying to perk myself up today. Monaco, you were awesome 
in just a few hrs we have anotha episode of HYPERHOUSE w new music by 
It’s not every day that you meet a force for good in the world, yesterday I did 
Making a pumpkin bread and using 
Iona's take on extreme reading 
Craik’s awesome first grade team sharing engagement strategies to their colleagues. Super proud Principal here
I'LL BE BACK SOON! 
Welcome to the teens, Tahlia!
Lovely part time position available. Please retweet and share 
We are over the moon about winning the Children's Bookseller of the Year at the 
Sunday night Fottball Stream!! Lets talk Football 
Competition for Dads - RT this and I'll pick 5 random Dads to receive a little something from me in the post 
Definitely The Hobbit! It brings back so many memories to when I was a child 
Thanks to everyone who has volunteered to help on the PTA stall 
It looks like a pastor helped them connect there is more info on her feed 
Great to see other universities supporting our 
I decided it had to be done Joan 
To those who celebrate, HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!! To those who don't, HAPPY THURSDAY!!! 
I'm gonna play for you at 6pm Parisian time 
So proud to see our CEO on the list! Huge congrats Jules 
"...one of the most exciting new Lego games in years." - thanks for the lovely words 
Currently taking part in Australia's 
 is hosting the British Planetary Science Congress, starting today and 
NO MORE MIX UPS 
A very warm welcome to one of  the most talented actors 
Great to have been interviewed. It's Kate Bell not Allen
Seeing a physical award is like winning all over again. Yay for awards 
The man behind Moana’s ‘We Know The Way’ - Opetaia Foa’i is here too! 
Enjoying Amsterdam and William is carrying my new camera 
Just another day in the life of an air cadet 
Thank you to this fabulous group of students who helped me pack up and deliver our Harvest Collection to 
It was all about the kids today and they were so excited to meet 
As always, thanks to 
Some of the selection of my jewels taking part in Handmade for Christmas at 
Blackbutt has had a win! We have a long awaited new postcode thanks for your help David Littleproud 4314 
 10% off Shoes today 
Only 24 hours left to cast your vote. Please help us into the final judging - register your email, login, put Honiton as the location, find us, push the slider to 10 and vote. Simples! This will REALLY make a difference to families living with dementia. 
We had the pleasure of entertaining a new Mr & Mrs on the 
'Brilliant' test match perhaps but reckon 
I'm looking forward to watching and hopefully calling Emma's 
Hope he enjoyed the show! 
so i have this playlist that i update every few weeks 
Free Chocolate anyone? We're sampling 
Fantastic news! Money well spent
Great British Bake Off final tonight
Happy Sunday twitter world. We're online today until 5:30pm. We hope you have a great day 
And our amazing hosts Leo Shak and Bethan Pennie 
If you're feeling down just remember these pictures were taken within 2 hours of each other because Instagram isn't real life! 
How to make a writer’s day, by being a lovely reader 
Uncover the mystery of our many Glen's in The Outdoor Capital of the UK 
Looking for a place to study at lunch, to finish assignments or just  to work with other grade 12 students? Come to room 217 every Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday for gr. 12 Study Hall. Bring your lunch, your work and your friends! 
A few of our cast appeared on the fantastic 
I thought coach said no racing 
Friendsgiving will be held here we'll bring the modern, glamorous kitchen to cook in...you bring everything else 
Our last lunch of the year. Friday 10th November 1pm 
A special Mama Pack from 
Starting my day with coffee and a book (seeing 
Interested in studying at LIT Thurles? Visit our campus today from 11am - 2pm to meet our lecturers and explore our facilities. 
The Second Edition of “In Limbo: Brexit Testimonies From EU Citizens In The UK” is released Sunday 3rd 
Hey we are on the indoor stage when he finishes up! Free entry with 
Take us home with you this weekend!!! 
Pic nic al Barco Ducale! 
Rumour has it you have to audition 4 times for The Rolling Tones.. FAKE NEWS!! It's 1 audition & 1 call back! We are friendly & have snax 
The Art of Creative Cooking at 
Thank you!! I agree! 
Had an amazing early morning walk in the fog! 
I'm very happy with the piece 
Had a lovely chat with Gorka 
I saw A Woman Of No Importance yesterday and it's totally gorgeous. Whole cast was tiptop but seeing Anne Reid and Eleanor Bron on the same stage made me extremely happy.
 service user digital forum, have your say, get involved. Very short survey (the link works 
I’m so proud of all of my teams 
We're so happy to have been nominated for 2 awards at 
Well, Julie Walters’ liquorice wand  certainly worked in Coastal Railways on the West Highland extension last night! It turned an LMS Black 5 into an LNER K1 during an ads break! And then back again 
1 MORE SLEEP!!!! We cannot wait... an event NOT to be missed 
Today's the day!!!! So proud of 
Millionaire cast! Check your emails! ONeil shared a doc for your program bios with you! Please fill out ASAP! 
Check out another 5 star review from top Cargiant customers on 
Jack & Jordan host 
Enjoyed being part of Skot Wilson’s new play Footsteps 
I wear my Poppy with PRIDE for this man. My hero Granddad. His battle honors 
Thanks so much for your lovely message Amy! We were blown away by all the short films in the line up last night! 
Cast my vote in the NEC ballot today for the left slate 
Tweet yo fav event's CFP deadlines at 
I know quite a few of you are coming to this. It might be worth ordering tickets in advance...just in caseOsseous are the first band on at 8.00 pm so get there early. They are playing 3 songs from the ep plus some from forthcoming album.Looking forward to seeing everyone 
“What do you want to be when you grow up?” 
Kick- start your Christmas Shopping this Saturday  from 9am as 
You spotted the flaw in my writing. 
So proud of everyone who works at our hotel - gold award Dorset Tourism Small/boutique hotel of the year! 
May this Diwali bring endless moments of joy and love to your life. Happy Diwali
We have one of these beauties looking for a new home for a trial period. Might suit & gym/fitness studio/corporate? Hello@wellnicepops.ie if you're interested 
Last day of the NEC and I couldn't be more proud of what we've achieved 
Catching the last sun of the day 
We are delighted to announce that the team that ran Golowan in 2016 & 2017 has been awarded the contract to deliver the Festival in 2018!  
And they've done it! 19 cycling heroes, 240 miles, 4 days - Lands End to Bristol!! Amazing 
Excited pupils en route to 
Always a Pembrokeshire Harrier! thank you so much! 
It warms my heart to see someone sitting in the middle of 
Congratulations Oliver Burns ... Ambassador of the Year (Under 21) 
Setting up the machine to learn how sketched buttons look like 
Need a Mascot logo?? Dm!
Competition time! Been growing your mo’ all month? 
Our special post bag is coming out tomorrow! 
Love this, so nice who wants give it a try. Merry Xmas everyone 
To all our politicians, Happy 
Having a really good morning! Sending good vibes to everyone on Twitter 
Have a minute to spare? We would love to hear your feedback! Click the link to let us know how we're doing 
Thank you to everyone that came out to Make It Take It Ugly Sweater! Check out out Facebook page to see all the photos! 
3 if my favorites: performance tasks, a growth mindset, and emojis! 
I’ve been busy framing small prints and sorting out stuff for next weeks ‘A Sense If Place’ Exhibition with 
can anyone help please? 
Great result tonight! Brilliant team perf, wish I could have tke part of it bt I guess everyone have to enjoy those CL moments 
Very Merry Christmas for all players and friends of Glasgow Handball Club! 
It is part of a radio tour. I am a guest of the radio show - not part of my tour 
The best of Nigerian culture meets regal British sophistication.  
TYVM for supporting my tunes! Hope your weekend is a good one. 
Please take a listen to my mix 
Tonight from 6pm, a Halloween parade will take place around King's Cross 
We have 2 dogs and a cat who are all big pals 
Thank you so much! It was a great pleasure to work on that issue (in ALL of them to be real) 
Now heading for Robin Hood county, are our friends 
We're so excited to welcome our new team member 
Well deserved Roomie!! Congrats 
And keep warm, and keep warm can I say it again? Wrap up keep warm and you’ll go faster!!! 
We have a new blog post up if you fancy a read about what to do in Cornwall during the quieter months 
Music Makes Me Smile! 
We are so grateful for these wonderful words about 
My sunrise running models 
I could look at this all day 
It's the final weekend to see my exhibition "A Fine Line" in the 
Fab to have Tara from Ferryhill training with the secondary teams tonight! Level 4 routine sneak peak 
Let's just say we are a little jealous of these 6th & 7th graders 
Our dream 2 open 4 
“Polenzani and Kwiecien delivered on every count” 
TFW you've made the list for 'the best rebrands that got it right' 2x
26 Young Ambassadors using their in service day to gain some Competition Organiser Training 
Had the best time in BC! I’ll be back to regular posting shortly 
Definitely agree she was fantastic when I visited in the summer - on the list! 
Please support and Retweet! 
ON THE ROAD AGAIN! We're headed to 
Sad to see you go! But congrats on the new job!! And thank you for all the brilliant work you've made happen in collab with the SU 
Not the best results but we're still proud! With the last game we're confident 
Back in Adelaide on Dec 2nd! This one will be an intimate set 
Happy birthday to the most amazing woman I know. Your love and support is everything to me. Love you 
Side note: I’m here for the gender balanced panel 
 Great to celebrate 40 years of building community with you. So many young people now know "if you think you can, you can!" 
Diolch Ruth and thanks for all that you and our hospital colleagues do as well 
I actually like driving alone bc I can listen to the same song 96 times in a row without anyone stopping me 
I can’t with this dress man. You are a magical dressmaker with Harry Potter-like skills! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! 
 ladies learning to dance in the air 
Hopefully we'll have the pleasure of riding your radio waves again in the future! 
Done Bantham Swoosh, Dart 10k & Hurly Burly at Barmouth. All memorable swims. Strongly recommended 
Here's to December, to the holidays and to the love of family. Happy New Month. 
Want to learn how to prune apples trees?Courses in January, get in contactYou'll also be supporting Marie Curie 
Thanks Audrey & all the better when we're surrounded by your lovely plants 
A great big thank you to everyone that has supported Age UK this 
Our libraries are places where all sorts of groups can meet, from writing groups, to gaming groups, to the Pins and Needles group in these photos in 
Good morning to ya Kev 
For the love of books and sharing knowledge to the youth 
Beyond obsessed with my new necklace from lskyejewelry !!! I haven’t taken it off once 
Absolutely LOVE these badges the wonderful Jay from 
The light amidst darkness...the peace amidst chaos...and positivity...uff
So after approximately 15,000 votes, we have made the top 50 in 
A misty, but pretty start to November - I'll take that 
Mine has just started to unravel.
You still have time to own a 1 of a kind wedge set.Hit the link in my bio
A massive Happy Birthday to our Managing Director 
Aw thank you T!!
Thanks for the visit and the kind feedback, we hope to see you again soon! 
Thank you so much for your support! 
A big thank you to Robin and Tommy from 
Hey guys! New Twitter account 
And also thanks to and feat. 
It is ‘MEMBRANCE DAY today, guys!! So ’member to not forget ‘bout everybuddy who went to wartimes to keep us safe, plus ‘specially everybuddy who did not get to come home!! 
Thanks to everyone who joined us to write their letters to Santa this year, we had a magical time. We're also delighted to let you know that they've been received by the man himself! 
Feeling like Christmas now after the christingle service at Holy family! Thanks 
Free coffee at the shop today! Thanks to 
Thanks for helping us update our knowledge! It's great to know our clients can count on us having a full skillset to help them out 
I'm at St Ives Farmers Market market today 
And thank you for being such a friendly face I remember from tv during my childhood 
I can't recommend the 
Can’t wait for the comedy event of the year at 
Photo iD essential. You know the drill 
Over 340 participants right now for SAPSA VårImpuls 2017 in Gothenburg.Its THE place to be 
Guys, please hop on our 
The SUPERHERO Team are a bit tired today but still buzzing! We had to share this picture! Thanks for a SUPER day! 
You're so cute but you're such a dork. 
Hi ho, hi ho, it’s off to another citywide final we go 
If you had told me this time last year that I’d be posting book tour dates! I’m not sure I would have believed you! 
London! 30th November at the Islington 
Need to spruce up a room or a gift?  We can help you with that!  We have lots of decor to suit your needs! 
Fabulous day doing final preparations for the upcoming Professional Learning Communities - excited to be starting! Maths and Early Oracy 
All the best Vib!!! You will do AMAZING no doubts about it ! Brixton is lucky to have you 
 Hey there! Could you please help us spread the word about the Elastic{ON} opportunity program helping people from underrepresented groups in tech? Would be very much appreciated 
Congratulations on a great tournament to Elliot&Mike&Gary. We at John Cox health&physiotherapy practice are very proud of you all .
Thank YOU for bringing the kiddo! 
Ukiere woona! We hope you've been well. How about 2 new words today? If they sound slightly similar, to a language you know, do tell us. 
Yes, for schools with a Year 7 intake we have the free 
Thank you.... good morning! 
Congratulations to Robin & Gary 
Saturday treat? Our 
Perishingly fresh on the trails back of Whinlatter. There's nothing like your first love 
Glad the kids enjoyed the visit and well done to Gracie for organising the competition! Teddy had a great time 
Like our new store Facebook  & share our competition to be in with a chance of winning a €100 store voucher!! 
Create a fun and festive sensory experience for your little ones with this mark making activity, so they can enjoy the snow whenever they want! 
Empowering, inspiring and thought provoking exhibition 
Yes - please help Ramba! Maybe I could join her 
Full English breakfast with truffles and Gin 
We'd love to meet you this weekend 
THANK YOU SO MUCH 
Today was a good day to PR my front squat with 150#s for 3 (proud of the progress even though the program asked for 150x4-6). Body is definitely looking forward to an unload week 
TY students getting prepared for their collection for the 
Towering attempts to follow up his debut win for the club, back 
Just did!! Can’t wait to read it! 
Showing solidarity with victims of rape and sexual assault tonight at Fight for the Night in Glasgow. Lovely to meet so many new faces and thank you to everyone involved! 
Mrs Dingwall and Mrs Rednall feeling very hungry... thank you for all the amazing donations for 
A bunch of leaders I respect and admire right there! 
And now it is open and the traditional celebratory cake cutting is complete 
Next up is “Love Per Square Foot” along with 
On Friday at noon UTC we will publish the name of the Designer who won Lisa 3D printer in 
i couldn't be more happy with how things are going in my life right now
When you realise you have enough points for your next raceday 
Good luck on your opening night 
No need for additional watering either! 
Amazing Chloe. These are memories that you will always cherish 
We are writing a list of animals that like to hibernate in winter our books 
If your child is attending the Bridgeton Burns Competition next week (1st December) they should have an information letter in their school bag. Thank you 
 please like and share this video of my performance on 
Way to go, HMS! 4351 cans collected in the food drive! Amazing 
A birthday present!? Watch me and naomi and the glow squad SNATCH YOU BALD!!
It was stunning! The ambience, food, service and cause, all amazing. Best celebration of a first day in a new job ever 
Alright, let's do this my 
You should visit Fort Collins because there is a Savory Spice Shop 
Workin' those math strategies! 
1-0 and a great start to the series! Been a fantastic week! 
Probably the nicest thing that someone has said about my juvenile sense of humor 
Check out our performance of Dream on Virgin Radio UK 
Big twitter welcome to the newly formed 
She certainly didn’t learn that from her father!! 
All smiles from our young professionals in Brazil after a project with 
Not bad company for Peter and Joe to be in.
Taylor Thomas asked why I call her Double T on twitter,  told her couldn't remember her name, she said you always day it, told her it takes too long to type 
Coffee morning tomorrow morning in aid of Cacti (care and comfort for the terminally ill) 
Fond farewell to Jan, Senior Sister 
Want to hear Tannhäuser, Don Juan and Four Sacred Pieces with Sir Mark, soprano Chanáe Curtis and 
WE ARE NOW A TWITCH AFFILIATE 
Letters are lovely. Like your jewellery, really 
Need help setting your goals? The boditrax is an excellent tool for this, speak to our staff for more details 
 I've been a busy elf. Not sure the chocs are quite the right size but I think I've got away with it! These are for class 3's tree. Thanks for sharing 
Answer: Susan B. Anthony 
Sounds great! Hope to see y'all sometime soon! 
Thanks Nick for the love! 
I know I love 
This kid loves Elmo!
Ji Congratulations Sanskriti! We are proud of you. We wish you all the best for future competition.
Thanks Michael, hope your keeping well, may see you at one of the events 
part of our wonderful welcome committee! hugs, laughs, tears and lots of chatter at 
Heeey!!! I can finally announce my new single!! 
Climbing trees and eating ice cream 
The firstlook is so classic, i wish 
We're doing networking differently in 
I meant to share this on Friday as I’ve already done it on my Fb site but 
Yay!!!! Looking forward to your Sparkly Christmas Event on the 14th!!!
Busy day today at the Recruitment Day. Well done everyone and a big thank you to the service users 
OMG! Buy a suit 
We’re feeling the festive spirit in Verso@today for the Stafford Lights Switch On 
Abby's wedding feedback 
Just left theatre saying to myself, I am not hungry, I’m not gonna eat anything when I get in the house. Get in the house feel starving, 4 slices of toasted cheese later 
When we shared this CD between us, we never thought that we'd end up living down the road from the cover image. If we can't be in Cardiff, we can't think of a better place than 
My sweet, Soul friend 
I’m still in development 
 means one last flip of the 
Have just enrolled in a class that I hope will give me the confidence to try writing a new genre..under a different name, of course 
Good news, look forward to having new colleagues join us 
 I'm not a native Brummie? I moved here 11 years ago to the day, and it's very much become my adopted home! Thanks Birmingham for taking me in, and here's to the next 11 years 
 can you ladies help by any chance? 
I love it Dory. You inspire me so much. Today I needed to hear that. I can't be positive always. It's exhausting. Thank you 
Mistletoe Mikados had pride of place at the 
Ooh but can you please??? You’d be an exemplary Judas 
Lots of interesting things going on these past few days.Loads of interest and some new athletes
Looking forward to our Charity Race Night tonight & raising lots of funds for our Multi-Sensory Room 
 hi William! I’m doing the Reddit secret Santa this year & the gentleman I received is a HUGE TNG fan. Would it be possible to get a signed photograph of you to send to him? He’d love it and it would be really special. Cheers! 
 shortlisted for an award from patient charities 
So excited to be getting my new broadband on Monday. 
Presentation evening tonight celebrating successes of students past and present 
We're down in Tassie for the next few days to visit our friends at 
Morning all. Anybody doing anything fun today? 
And Samosas on G1's stall 
Going to make a cup of tea and then watch this 
We'd really value your good wishes for Larry the cat, recently mauled by a dog, in Derbyshire  
That's how I felt about Shelby County v Holder and Parents Involved v Seattle 
Wonderful creative writing taking  place again in 
Gosh. 775 people in the afternoon for our launch, nearly 1k at new street station for the artist performance, 1.2k views on the live stream... good day for engagement 
Catch some familiar faces in today's Certified Country ep
Best of luck to all the Day 2ers out there, especially me 
A MASSIVE Urban Glass shipment is on its way to 
I  love being a part of wedding day entertainment 
Bob: "Only God, who appointed me, will remove me!"God: 
On that note...hello
We also think THE NOTE is the perfect book to cosy up with this winter! 
It's happening TODAY - can't wait! 
Humbled by your support. Thank you 
i wish for all children around the world to have a chance to a good education and fulfil their potential throughout their entire life! -aisha 
A very happy birthday from his namesake school 
Little annual stall Chapter 
As always an interesting, informative 
Wonderful post about our event on November 4th. Thank you! 
An absolutely brilliant evening 
Donning dungarees since 1987 
Check our Instagram story for full performance 
Thanks so much to Fran and Ollie 
Shoe companies, please sponsor 
I awoke to a request from Aaron, who does not tweet, asking me to pass along the following response:“Dead serious and I’m honored by your interest. Now…an idea. I’m gonna need one of those. 
Very excited to present for you the new single from my album 'Ambition' 
Little F is going to be SO happy. Finally, dinosaur emojis. Although no Triceratops which is her absolute favourite 
Press Conference and Honorary Artistic Advisor Appointment Ceremony at 
Loved this snowy engagement session with Cat + Andy - featured on the 
 Neel Sethi you are universal and incredible 
This Saturday! Join our Sing-A-Long  
Had a fantastic time at today's tea party celebrating our two-year 
 Neil's Woodshop tracks by THIS SHOULD BE IT 
And a nice bank account 
 when we will see you again on t.v and silver screen what are your future projects ? 
The only photo of food I took at 
Always good times working with the very beautiful and talented 
GUYS!!! The OWY video was trending all night on 
 in Thornham, on the North Norfolk coast. Available all the time and pretty damn amazing 
** VIP VISIT ** | The fabulous Anne Hegerty will be joining us at our 
Have a great show Nick 
The day begins here in Bury
Stream is up! GB's and pubs 
(the) Melvins  are always on Sarah’s list 
Always great to have you tuned in to the show 
Further to my last tweet/update...turned round and saw this incredible dawn light on Sharp Edge, Blencathra 
Thank u so much sir!
Amazing performance by CMS band. Thank you Ms. Curran for sharing your talent with kids! Welcome to Twitter 
Overwhelmed by all your tweets, texts, msgs..
Enjoying every step of the way, trusting my journey 
hey plz follow pretty please please
Come to our fundraising book night on 16 Oct & help us raise pennies to continue our volunteer group for women 
Can see our Deb's there 
It’s the little things that make me smile.... sitting in the window in the cafe at work to get the sunshine & the lovely coffee man making sure I have my coffee just how I like it 
Some really great performances 
Long year out but so good to finally get back on the rugby pitch yday. Massive thanks to everyone who put up my grumpiness over the months
Check out this lovely lady everyone 
Lovely, inspiring teaching today - affirming what we know to be the truth 
You were sued for 40 million dollars.You settled for 25 Million dollars. So...62.5% is not a "small fraction".You're welcome.
Congratulations to the 2017 SONC Global Messengers-2 of our county athletes completed this great leadership program
Feet sore, should have gotta cab 
When one door closes, another one opens. 
We're glad that you think so Shari! 
Online! Day 5 of the streamathon 
Pre finals stress eats.. Good looks  
You’ll be pleased to know that this is the last evening for this pinned tweet..our ceilidh is tomorrow, tomorrow...only a day away!! Still time to come & experience the FUN that is a Ceilidh.....get a ticket tonight or pay on the door tomorrow. Over 150 people will be with you 
We're crowdfunding a feminist magazine for tween-age girls. Find us on Kickstarter 
We would like to say a huge thank you to the Helensburgh Gaerlochside Rotary for donating £250 to our Helensburgh Family support service 
Throwback to when Kirsten roasted me on my own photo
North Warks Cadets helping 
I love hugs!!!!! 
Our bar menu is now served downstairs 12pm-2pm, Wed-Sat, no booking necessary - just pop in and say hi 
Glad to be able to connect at this early hour! 
Good Morning, Glasgow. IT'S FRIDAY!
How how how????? Admire this guy, another notch on the belt. Well in 
Think I spotted filming of Poldark today in Greenwich!! 
Just 27 likes away. 
Just out of the bath and into her Christmas jammies to watch the Paddington movie. With Paddington 
Oh right I see! Fair enough! I'm looking forward to my hug next weekend 
Hi guys and girls will be thinking of you this weekend.. and everyone else too.JHKC participants 
Bring your baby to work day 
I’m SO excited to share this with you. I’ve teamed up with 
To hand in your jerseys, U must see mrs. Pantano BEFORE or AFTER school. U must actually hand them to HER not any1 else. Try to get it done
TIME. CHANGE. READY. TOUR! tickets go on sale THIS FRIDAY, october 20th! can’t wait to see you all.  new music coming real soon 
Hi ladies!!! 
You guys are a cute couple 
Done something iv never done before.. watching to movies at the cinema... one after the other, watched Thor now I'm gonna watch justice league 
Wishing safe travels to this European Traveler as he comes home this week! Can't wait to see you brotha 
LETS GO hornets! Me and my two friends are totally down to take up some court side upgrades if need be 
This feast for the eyes is a banquet for the belly 
Lovely feedback from some recent guests at 
Only a scientist can sharpen another scientist! Very happy to be part of this group, I needed people able to ask me the questions that would bring me further. 
Thank you so much!! 
 Horsham Festival. "A Slice of Hamlet" Horsham Park Human Nature Garden. Saturday July 9th. 1pm and 2pm . Come along! 
What has Beat the Street meant to you? Tell us your stories and let us know how Beat the Street has impacted you! 
I love Monday’s 
My Jack arrived this morning and it's DIVINE 
 see you soon? Okay on the real guys, have your friends liked this 
Just when I thought I had cried enough tears of joy for today!!!! 
A week ago today we were about to collect our 
The boys football team played Waverton in a hard fought league match last night which they won 5-2
Good morning Twitter world. Wishing everyone a great day and weekend
So happy to have opportunity to work with smallholder farmers in Africa & Asia & have support such as this! 
Would anyone be interested in coming with us to see the Litherland Christmas Lights get switched on in Kirkstone Park this Thursday eve? We'd be there from 3:30pm - 5:30pm! Let us know if this is something you'd like to come to and we'll arrange it with you! 
Happy Wednesday, everyone! How would you 
Really important open letter from 
Can't visit Quebec City without stopping for a 'tire d'érable' 
Apologies for the unhelpful images, forgot to take proper ID photos, can anyone help with an ID for this plant or at least point me in the right direction? Found growing on a dry stone wall in amongst the moss on the Mendip Hills at the edge of a woodland 
It’s almost that time of year!@IHI_Ireland Founders Banquet and Management Awards 2017.  Just over a week to go 
Join us... enroll today! 
It was a great experience working with Andrea 
I had at least 1 cup of coffee for as long as I can remember. My wife was diagnosed with rosacea & was told to not drink coffee so I quit as well. Missed it so much made a pot yesterday. It took 2 Xanax to sleep. Who would of thought. Please don't quit
Phnom Penh Tonight! My first time in Cambodia 
Today’s timetable !! The final day of OV16 has just kicked off. What will you see today ? 
Headshots on a Sunday?! 
Limited tickets available. Come sell this bitch out with me. Doors at 8. 
Ooooo! 3 of our fav 
Hello, I won the reward. Thank you with ALL OF MY HEART for voting for me. I'm really really happy 
RT - YAY! We just hit $71,000 on 
Thanks Ronnie!!!
So here you are! All 3 
Would like to use our first 
Can't wait for some more frosty crisp days 
Donna is talking about the intervention 'Act Up!' for children who have emotion processing difficulties. Some activities include:Acting out facial expressions 
Remember to come out to the Twilight Zone casting call out next Saturday! Sign up in bio 
When you're having a pants day at work but your colleague buys you flowers to cheer you up 
Got featured in Niji Magazine! Yayy! Feeling so thankful.
Our first Christmas Party night of the year at 
Marketers, make sales smile 
The snow didn't stop our 
Come hear about Key. coli and bacterial security today from team UNOTT, presenting at 4pm in room 311 
happy birthday bro!! 
I can’t wait for tommorow 
Words cannot express the pride that I have of being a part of 
We are delighted to be hiding behind one of these Advent doors 
How is your garden looking at the moment? Is it still bursting with colour? 
New video on YouTube. Enjoy. 
Can you see your fave flavour? Our factory shop is now open! Thanks to everyone who stopped by today to see us 
 i higly Agree and support that People who all have Mental Health Problems should Know that they are not alone! And i am apart of a group of Jack chapter back at Yellowknife NT High school! And It ROCKS! 
That WOW from BR .... love it 
All smiles at sea level 
Such a great event! Thank you for having me 
This was a great idea! I really love the concept of this session and benefitted a lot from the reflection time 
Anjunadeep 09 sitting pretty atop the Official UK Dance Chart 
Best music folk festival in UK. Well organised family friendly bril facilities and staff are ace! 
The 2017 Cardiff half runners raised £28,000+ for Cardiff and Vale wards, clinics, departments and research, to benefit patients over and above what the NHS can normally afford. Totally amazing! And 2018 will be EVEN BIGGER! Tweet us to join 
it’s a great friggin day 
Bargain time!!!!SCODY 1 day Christmas Sale!!!Sat 9th December at their Factory, West End, Brisbane.Triathlon Suits starting at $90 and $20 Cycle Jerseys.20% off all full priced items. Grab a Christmas Bargain and support Aussie made
We can't wait to see how these projects all progress! The 
Ok, I’ve just played a Christmas song from The Wurzels on 
Consistently impressed by level of radio 
How cool was Stormzy last night at Judges Houses 
So.... I’m doing a Q&A with 
Reminder our AGM take place tonight @ 8pm in the meeting room of the GAA Hall. All welcome! 
Great to hear you're able to make it. 
Happy Independence Day to all! Jai Hind! 
Terrific! Let me know if you want to SKYPE. I was in New Orleans yesterday 
We need lots more followers for 
We're looking forward to welcoming our students next week, old and new!! If you've got any questions, drop us a line! 
We are officially back in business! 
So proud to be part of @dublincitycoffeemap 
Biggest compliment so far... 
I'm so excited!!! Tomorrow I get my husband back after his trip to South Africa. I'm as excited as I always am on Christmas Eve!! 
Another successful day collecting for 
Freelancers looking to network informally - and with their preschoolers! - make sure you head to this great 
Glad you enjoyed my adventure! 
Are you ready for a morning run?With the right equipment, you can enjoy it even in autumn and  winter 
Looks a little like my drinks cabinet 
Never liked sprouts? These might change your mind! Thanks 
Looking forward to it!! 
Be different. Stand out. Make awesome happen.If you haven’t seen our brand video, check it out! It’ll make you chuckle 
The Big Sam Heughan is a genuine guy as I'm sure you know! Fans love him and others on Outlander. What Sam endorses, fans check it out & 99% of the time I'd say we agree with him. We'll get you over the top
How are you increasing classroom talk 
 Hi I would like to say that David Lloyd West End Southampton is my Happy Place a big thanks to everyone who works there. 
I'm warming the mince pies & dusting the baubles. Then again, I've been thinking of Christmas since I wrote these 
Can't wait to be here next week 
A lovely autumnal image from a couple of weeks ago, I hope everyone is having a lovely weekend. I've decided that after this weekend I'm going social media free on the weekends unless something really exciting happens! 
Really enjoyed this morning’s run 
If any bars, cafes or businesses in the area would like one of our new collection boxes to raise money for the farm over Christmas (or forever), then please give us a shout, we have plenty 
Thank you to the people who made this possible :) just bought my first car! 
All set up at my new home for the next 17 days opposite House of Fraser. Original glass gifts and decorations. Browsers and moochers always welcome 
Thank you. !! 
This was an album dedicated for Amber Rose. 
Here are 30 amazing ways in which you can bring the fun into the office! 
Alf enjoying his win during a game of croquet at our Kingfisher Club! 
Enjoyed hearing from high school senior Ruby Polanco and her experience leading a movement to have gender and sexual orientation equality implemented in 
Good morning from the half door. Not only do we have beautiful views looking out but also beautiful reflections looking in. 
I’ve had lots of lovely compliments about my photography today, it really means a lot to hear 
Toasty days and nights by The Cellar House 
Rain this morning time for some 1_1 training 
Giddy Up Blue Jays! 
Whoop whoop all set up at The Lowry! We're indoors near Costa Coffee nice and warm. Here until 5pm folks. 
 mixed emotions tonight happy to be entering a new era at our station. But Sad knowing I spend my last day with 12-12 tomorrow she's been a massive part of my life. Been and given her a polish ready for her day. So very proud of this little boat.
We have a blast at the Holiday Parade and Festival! 
When you realise that love isn't just about being together. It is also about LONGING to be together
Monday, let’s do this 
I totally understand you not warming to me. I've often thought that until I've met someone. Maybe we will meet one day & you might change your mind 
On our way back from the cozy cabin
 thank you for the follow bk and great work at the 
Today we want to say congratulations and thank-you to Ashley Scarlett, who is the winner of our 'Top Volunteer' award for Hero Week - the busiest week of the Marrow year.Ashley is new to Marrow but got stuck in straight away & was a massive help last week 
Good morning Tokyo! Way to end a beautiful weekend, sans enfants. It’s nice to be just a couple once in a while  and Tokyo is the perfect place for a little honeymoon
Monday Canberra Excellent way to kick start 
Once in a lifetime.....And got to exchange some words with five presidents!!! Life is good 
Thanks Tony... see you there!
Hi, yes we are! We are near based in Sandiacre near Nottingham (NG10 area) thank you 
Thanks for voting Monsieur P as the best screen detective!!!!!
Wow thanks for even noticing that I had you blocked. I knew you checked my page 
You heard the man! 
Lornshill Languages have been on Twitter 5 years today. So many memories
Our charity Christmas craft fair is well underway at 
And a Happy December from me to!!!!! 
This is why you should listen to KOSI 101.1 throughout the holidays 
Thank you for your lovely words, mean so much to us and all the team 
The team is back! Thanks for joining us this AM 
 is a choice! Our careless living habits affect us in the future. So,live 
Our athletes are still beaming after singing England's 1982 World Cup Song with Kevin Keegan recently! What a legend 
Today is my 3 year anniversary at AIDS/LifeCycle and San Francisco AIDS Foundation 
Fortnite, halo, maybe some Destiny! Come hang out! 
 Was privileged to see you at Blacks last night - truly one of the most wonderful and moving performances of my life, thank you 
Sunday special Rajma masala Yes,  i cooked it 
we are delighted to share our 'real' kitchen
Didn"t they?! Glad you enjoyed Boom. Come back soon Claire 
Congratulation! Very well deserved 
We've started our 12 days of Christmas giveaway, so check back everyday for amazing prizes! On the 1st day of Christmas we're giving you the chance to win a Johnny Loves Rosie Watch 
Grade 6 and above players apply. Fantastic opportunity 
 we had a fab time today watching 
Student Nurse due to qualify in 2018? Come & join us 
COME ON THRU Y’ALL! 
Our recommendation for Christmas giftage (as well as a nice Waterproof). May contain a little bit mention of our Waterproof Parka 
Not long left to vote, keep going 
Well done to Kelsie in 5c for earning a green belt in Taekwondo 
I'm  Manchester, trying to decide whether to go Liverpool or Leeds , probably both 
My amazing friends took me out tonight to watch Arnel Pineda as a late birthday celebration 
Sweet couple, quirky Chip! 
A big thank you to the wonderful 
It was great to make my debut on 
A real delight  to chat with Andrea from 
Thanks Andy thought the members would like it 
So excited... Spanish publication of fandom is tomorrow 
I love this!! So cool 
Good to see the kids are happy with their 
That's our Christmas Show started! Our Inclusive Hip Hop crew is rocking the stage right now. 
Being such a team player isn't easy, but the smiles made along the way make it all worth it 
Kudos to local manufacturers, creating values against all odds
You can do anything you set your mind to
Glad you enjoyed it! It was great to have you join us for the day 
So grateful for everyone who came out today to A&M! It was great to be home even if it was only for a little bit 
Thanks to the team at Euston for the lunch following our area aom development day
Last night was Jace’s very first concert & he got to go on stage with 
Yay - lovely to see 
 - please get in touch for free no obligation quotes on doors, windows or conservatories 
Excellent water quality announced for Portreath again today 
Thank you Autum. It was lovely to meet you too. Keep spreading joy with that gorgeous smile.
22 days left! – 24 days, 24 challenges 
Next big clean will be our post Halloween clean-up on Benbulbin Road, Saturday November 4th at 11:30am. Pleade RT & bring a friend. 
Thanks for our Dino interactive toy 
Hey thanks, we like the view from up there too 
It was so lovely to catch up with Justine from 
You can also find our merch on 
Just planning the Lord Mayors Gift Gala dinner which raises much needed funds for Bristol’s underprivileged children - very exciting! 
I came back from Jingle Ball to see that my package from 
19 days to go and still £1791 to go on our 
Ya boy just met The Queen 
A great big THANK YOU to the community TRIPLE award  winners 2017 .. we humbly accept your support 
And on the 3rd day!! THIS 'Panetttone Flip'. Part of the 
“It was such a thrill. I shall never forget.” 
Can’t wait to get the book - fab pic fr b & Ronan 
 Two favourite composers in one evening 
So we’re at the open studio of the wonderful ceramicist @kate_malone_ceramics and Joe gifted her a bear...given permanent residence between Kate’s work (left) and 300+ year Chinese piece
It's all about the angles...
We're kind of a big deal. 
Sorry guys not streaming today but will be a definite tomorrow with some skyrim :) so hopefully see ya then 
Absolutely amazing!! Fantastic business who capture wonderful moments! She's a star 
24 things you can do to make a difference this advent 
Day 2 of filming video for my 
It was a fantastic evening wasn’t it! We were very lucky 
Really happy with how our specially designed packaging for our automatic range turned out 
My Christmas decor is always quite minimal (especially so this year) but when I see it done right, Im a fan 
There's a good reason why we love Fridays! 
Even a small friendly appearance you cuties took so personally. Your love has been seen and felt. I Love you too 
I can’t wait till May 15th to see you guys on 
Don't forget to come and say hello and have a chat with our instax team on our instax tour! 
Great feedback from delegates post our speaker Ali Al Saloom’s keynote in Al Ain at the Marketing Forum 
Fab taster lunch in a stunning location today - thank you 
That's right, gorgeous. 
Site Manager Ed is getting very 
School  all the way in Scotland using my Reciprocal Teaching prop ideas to improve comprehension! Wonderful workP3/2! Wish I could visit
Very excited and happy about winning a prize for my poster at 
Luv when friends are in print! 
So many new faces at movie night tonight! See you again for sing along in a few weeks. If you couldn’t make it don’t worry-not too late 
Thank you Stuart, Des & 
It’s a good Sunday morning we say 
All tuckered out after a fab day at Trentham Garden centre 
Loving my new handbag and purse combo
The start of a new day. A beautiful one too. Lovely dawn light on Helvellyn and the Eden Valley this morning. Can see my home from my camp up 
This is a beautiful rendition of Ro's child from 
Nothing beats a simple supper 
It's been a brilliant year 
what happens your career, after you’ve been on The Sodshow......
Nothing says "I love you" more than the gift of lawn care 
Mr Sutherland would like to say many many thanks for all the cards and gifts, and wishes everyone all the best for the future!! 
UCB open day Saturday 25th November 11am Richmond House. I will be there offering our apprenticeship provision. See you there
Good luck to everyone taking part 
Come to our concert at the beautiful Royal Concertgebouw Amsterdam! 
If you'll be dressed in cultural attire tomorrow 
We are open as normal tomorrow (12th July) - 9am to 9pm! We hope you can join us 
Celebrating my amazing nephew Joshie and fabulous niece Ada on 
Oh wow virgin media liked it! 
Ghatothkach, the son of Hindu mythological figures Bheema and Hidimba, is blessed with extraordinary powers in the epic Mahabharata. 
Ok, we won't argue... thanks for the kind words!
It's only been just over a week and our off duty responders have already attended 2 
Massive congratulations to this endlessly-inspiring woman for leading 
Only 1 thing to buy as a HAPPY DECEMBER present! 
We wish everyone a terrific Summer week, and take time to listen to Nature!  
A lovely workshop to take the kids to this Sunday. 
 So happy to be back already visiting your Year 5s with our Environment Alert workshop tomorrow! We hope you enjoy it 
What beautiful plates of food. And ooh look our lovely gin. 
Am teaching with yr article tomorrow! It's wonderful at getting at different levels of complexity & context. Any chance of doing a shorter version for Med Diversified? 
Who is excited about my tour I can't wait! 
Thank you! We will! 
Fantastic end of a very successful day with some of our speakers and friends!  
Next generation in training backstage 
 grace clement and partner lara whitton getting team bronze the weekend in Guernsey 
80's inspired realness with the 1 joeypauline 
Late Night Streamers Here! Make sure to give them a Follow. 
Amazing food! Definitely recommend 
Had a very long day today BUT I met a lot of you all at the mall 
 Hey David thanks for the follow 
Would really appreciate a retweet folks 
hi guys, who am i meeting this winter at 
*New Blog Post* What Does Autism Mean to You? - 35 people including Actress 
My 'Student of the Year' experience!Had received 8 different awards for sports, cultural n academics..n d hunger continues
Guys please don’t forget to submit and tell all your friends about this awesome project 
Feeling festive!!! Come and see me in the Lanes today until 9pm. Loads going on from 4pm too 
Favourite podcast by far! Inspiring, interesting and insightful! 
Yes met my good friend 
More great news... You can now get selected lines from our new Chilled Range from 
We thoroughly enjoyed our meal there today.. Will definitely be back. 
Wow ... OK... So 3 things I love about this tweet.. 1)You are feeling festive (yay) 2)The Cathedral Christmas Market (because it's awesome) 3)The word resplendent (just is not used often enough) 
Thankyou for letting us use yr footage for this song, would be lovely if you shared
Coming to the Thorndon Fair? Pop down, say hi & check our merchandise! We’re just before the Harrier Street entrance to the fair 
We're celebrating our 4th birthday by extending our opening hours! Now open from 5pm weekdays 
Aww, thanks.I hope you enjoy 
A sneak peek at tonight’s red wine line-up. Argentina takes over WSET Level 2 tonight 
What I imagine doing when some a guy on the street goes “you should smile honey!”    
If there are any locally based OKs out there willing to help, please get in touch 
'LOVE LIKE VIOLENCE' now available to download and stream from most digital platforms, let us know what you think 
New week, more pinchos! Pop in for a drink, open till 11 as usual 
This epic concert fight scene from the crossover was AMAZING to shoot. What part of 
How i sleep knowing i ain’t shit 
If I’m never going to see a Mooooose, I may as well wear one on my head.Brill to be on 
great time at the nec in birmingham over the past couple of days! i was able to inspire the future generations 
Garrison is the best! Hardworking, fantastic basketball player and one of my all time fave math students 
So great meeting you guys!!! 
So great to meet Corinna at the 
Church, family, run, relax. What a great day 
I've now joined the world of Twitter so I'll never miss another post about our mugs 
What a wonderful list, including 
Well done to Maria in 2B who won a trophy for football 
Prince Harry & Meghan are so cute together you can tell they will do a lot of good in the world 
Tomorrow is the Hamilton Santa Claus Parade & the 
We don't like to blow our own horn, but toot toot! Families we've helped say the nicest things 
One of the best moments of the day… enhanced by 
“My child loves you.” Filled my bucket! 
A few people have been asking so we've updated our submissions guidance, particularly regarding poetry and visual submissions 
Retweet and follow if you like Titty tuesday 
COME AND MEET CHARLOTTE! 
If you’d like some ideas of how to use Clips in the languages classroom I’ve written a book 
Some of my Bath prints, mounted and ready to frame 
Oh hey y'all... 
Looking forward to another 20yrs great show and good luck for tonight
Wow! Can you feed me please 
Fantastic warm welcome from staff and students at your brilliant school. Your school oozes all that invisible, non data driven stuff that anyone walking in can see and feel. You don't need Ofsted to tell you all you're Outstanding 
Hi New York! 
We're proud to embrace the future. Speaking of which, when are you applying for your e-Residency, Vitalik? 
Here's my new schedule! Hope to see yall around 
An absolute honour, privilege and pleasure to spend time with author, & global 
If anyone can help out then please contact me, muchly appreciated 
And guess who is behind the wheel.  
Jazz hands @andywilliamson12! Yes 
Our Primary schools competition is now CLOSED. Winners will be announced 8.30am on Friday. 
Two days ago beautiful concert with 
Giving my Pussy hair a little trim. If I'm gonna try and get back on cam I need to be tidy 
It's Dec 1st! We love the holiday spirit this time of year. 
We are opened from today! Come and check out the changes we have made and of course enjoy some delicious food! We hope to see you later 
Wonderful team, great location, inspired students and fantastic 
Second presentation by Italy, our partner country has started with an Italian language test 
Barnwell middle and upper school with there brand new uniforms on supplied by us 
Thanks abrar bhai for visiting shalamar medical and dental college 
DCF ONLINE STORE IS LIVE!!!!LIMITED RUN GET THEM WHILE YOU CAN 
Just seeing our friend's over at castlemilk doing there outdoor play on our local news@stv keep up the good work guys 
So good hearing my 5 month old sons grandpa singing incy wincy spider to him in Tongan 
We've a spare ticket on our table for 
Eagerly awaiting a coo from new member of the Twitterati, 
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Northtown!We asked some of our team to share what they're thankful for this year 
New video will be up tomorrow morning! 
Thank you everyone for all the love and the wishes.God Bless you all. 
Tasty posh burgers at Silvan’s Van in Taunton where East meets West 
We had a blast helping Ms Gulliver’s class this afternoon! Even the soil was smiling! 
welcome to the 20/20 hour. 
January is almost upon us. Make your New Year's resolution count and try vegan this January! 
Thanks to everyone who liked/shared our earlier post. We are pleased to say Charlie has been reunited with his family 
Our Salisbury store is hosting a 10% military discount this Friday 1st December from 5pm-10pm! 
There's still time for you to help us make our 
 Yes, it's a thing...embrace it!"Emoji data science in R: A tutorial" by 
Charity Cook Books flying out today 
Somebody get scarves & hats to that school!  
History was made. And it's going to repeat itself on 3rd December when millions of childrens life will be changed. All thanks to the whole 
Baby Charlie was very thankful when Bing gave him his jingly shoes. Does your Bingster share their toys or their food? We’d love to hear your stories of kindness 
Feels great to be back with the boys...feels like home
Leaving oats soaking overnight is a great time saved in the morning even if your kids want to 'decorate' it 
Hey hey hey beautiful people. Show is tonight. Come through! Link to tickets in my bio 
Want to be apart of Mr. Amador this year? Apply to be on a committee! Applications due October 16th!!
 Thank you for your music and your follow! I love your talent, continue to manage Ladies! 
Music has the power to take you back to another point in time and also to help you feel that everything in life is relative - even current troubles. Everything is going to be fine again. Kosheen is wkd 
Super teaser and you are looking semmmma fresh brother 
Don’t forget to mention us in your blog post tweets for a retweet 
Light Up Lauderdale! Thank you Broward Center Spotlights
Babe, thats only one kroket
Dogs and horses and cats, oh my! Exploring the remote Westfjords of 
Got some special visitors tonight. Caitríona is delighted with the jersey #6. Practicing lifting Brendan for her future role 
Thanks for the great chat Anil 
Countryside volunteering – exercise, fresh air and helping wildlife. 
A brief summary of an inspiring event. Thank you 
Would you like to read something that will make you smile? 
You know that coat you haven't worn for years? But you think you might need it one day so you've kept it? Even though you now have a better coat? That you wear all the time?! You don't need that old coat! 
Tick Tock .... 45 minutes until kick off at Leeds .... 
I've no ideals...rather I meet the 'best of me' in this moment...while I offer myself totally to it with my little self! 
More Dress for Success pictures! It was an awesome day! 
Check out this stunning shot by @ellen_yoo818 on the 
We are receiving amazing feedback from this project! Thank you 
If you love amazing sweet wines this is the way to go and enjoy the day 
 Thanks for making my day with such a great review, really good to get your view too, esp as I'm writing 
Help your friends by giving some Chips for the Cookbook Counter
The CSB Dance Show is today! Come to Claire Lynch Gymnasium at 1 pm! Students get in FREE 
That's a good drawing!
Now that’s a great brand image to have! 
Working with a group planning RNASeq analysis tonight. 
   3, 2, 1 ... Get ready to SMILE! 
Don’t we clean up well 
He/she made to Hammersmith by mid-race; unless there’s more than one 
I'm excited for the day when they teach meditation in school 
You should probably check your wallet. How do you think I paid for it ? 
Disney On Ice is back next year, as Tinker Bell takes audiences on an enchanting pixie-dust filled journey of beloved Disney tales in a new show entitled Disney On Ice presents Dream Big. 
ICYMI we’re featured in the Guardian’s Christmas gift guide 
Me love. My names Cynthia how’s your day been 
Hi gang,happy 
I love Tuesday nights watching  
Glad you enjoyed it bud. Hope all’s going well for you right now. 
Melvin trying out the new battle ropes 
An honour & a warm welcome at Abertay. Thank you & congrats to all grads 
Can’t wait to see y’all in Lexington KY Tomm 
Amazing  foodie experience in Barcelona 
Wow, these look wonderful 
 hope you enjoyed this new jam! 
Today we handed over a Christmas hamper to a very grateful 
More lovely business cards from 
Homebound after exhausting yet wonderful  recce
 I’ve managed Day 1 so need to catch up! Great idea though 
Happy Halloween- From us, to you!!!!! 
Good news! Today's episodes are now live on hayu 
Love this! Thanks so much 
I meant HOUSE. Eish HOUSE, not KWAITO. 
Registration forms are in - website being designed and players starting to get excited about the season.  Check back for updates soon 
I just baked a banana cake without using any scales (duno where mine have gone) and it tastes surprisingly lovely 
For full videos subscribe to my YouTube Channel. 
Study Week tips: 1. Plan a study timetable; 2. Prepare your study area; 3. Keep healthy: eat, sleep and move; 4. Minimise distractions and overcome procrastination & 5. Take breaks for your wellbeing. 
Hi Ian, of course I don't mind. There are not enough characters to mention all the fab teams . Best wishes for a great day 
Best feeling getting home and having pet cuddles ! Missed my animals 
Home run for the love campaign! November 15, a great day for equality. Good on ya Australia 
It was wonderful to work with such engaged 
I just wanted to remind y’all 
 Missing English at Southfield a lot! The teaching there made me the English teacher I am now :) (Mrs Cooper 
Amazing feedback from last night 
Active start to the week in the gym hall with Linda 
NEWS | We're delighted to have been named as a 'recommended artist' by the 
This is how Angela Roca pupils are exploring 
Great night last night
Just done a nice interview with 
“Your smile is your strongest weapon.” 
Simple yet absolutely delicious Saturday night dinner! Thanks to 
Not to mention co-authors of the next 
It's half way through the working week! 
So glad to see events like this where parents want them kids read and learn
indeed! Looking forward to our 
So glad it went well! 
Got to watch the last 8 mins of the 
L@TL songwriters circle is about to kick off. Let's be having you inspiration 
“Just getting outside, being in a work party, it’s just so natural, so joyous.”  
 Finally got around to buying this. Looking forward to reading it. 
Four pics from my overnight camp on the fells admiring Helvellyn and Blencathra as the light and weather evolved. Bitterly cold in the wind but absolutely stunning to behold on the eye 
Celebrating our amazing Educational Assistance! Thank you for all you do
My new track Atlas is out NOW on 
Is it Christmas already? Love when press invites come through post! 
Some cheeky quick fire questions with Limitless Pursuits. 
 thanks so much kim!
Thanks Stephen - not feeling better yet, but hoping more energy will come my way soon. And I have a 
Our young people attending stand up to sectarianism event 
Do you believe women should have equal pay? Paid maternity leave? That companies should allow their employees to utilize their sick leave to help a family member? If the answer is yes to all of these questions please consider donating to 9to5 Year-End campaign. 
Also, I've always loved this story about 
Church was amazing this morning. Panthers beat the Patriots. Falcons lost. America is winning the Presidents Cup. It's a good day. 
I MUST thank the amazing 
Music that HEALS, UNITES, UPLIFTS, ... What’s on your 
Sent by a colleague: this card was left on the windscreen of an ambulance whilst the crew dealt with an emergency in Erdington, Birmingham last night. Such a small gesture, but made a huge impact on the crew. How lovely! And even included 
Copies of our three newly released books are now available at:
Kind gestures go a long way! Thank you to whoever left this at the airport for us to see when we landed. Sure is good to be home 
Great morning and great hair. 
Happy weekend all! Don't forget we're open - teaching all ages & abilities 
When you and Ang Lee become a gif. 
Workshop accepted at TROOPERS18! 
Spending the afternoon signing the books ready to post out next week 
We've had the best week spreading the news about our 
Next group of year 8 boys doing street dance, thank you to Miss Savva they loved it 
I guess this is worthy of a re- tweet!Thanks so much for everyone's kind messages, it means alot 
Reading our writing to Maisie helps us to check that what we have written makes sense 
Here is Lucy's ABI lighting up a dark, wintry night 
Stranger Things season 2 becomes the most in-demand US show
What a vibrant poster! Full of positivity & festive spirit 
We sure did! You know we treat you well here! 
We had a great time when Fred the dog and Gabi came to visit us. We are really looking forward to seeing you both again 
It was you!  hurrah.  I was listening to...   Nice dad 
Signed posters for charity are now available!  
“My name is Stanley Abrokwah, I am  10 years old. My favourite lesson is Maths.My Favourite colour is yellow.My happiest times are Fridays as it's the start of the weekend!My Favourite foods are fufu & palm soup!”
It’s Feel Good Friday! 
Super excited after the first screening of our film, ‘THE BOY WITH THE TOPKNOT’ - Please watch it on BBC 2 on the 13th of Nov at 9 pm. 
All done casting my votes for this years WCMA's! 
I belong in any room U enter and if U don’t feel Like you belong, act like it!your feelings will catch up 
Shocked and honoured to receive the British Writers Female Athlete of Year award. It means a lot knowing it is voted upon by the expert athletics press, thank you 
Sound advice, pals. 
amazing show in niigata last night, thanks 
Yoga class then some retail therapy at our favourite brand 
3 points and 50th cap 
A very productive morning discussing MAP improvements and developments with my wonderful MAP team 
Brilliant!!!! Let’s do this 
Readers’ theater is always so much more fun when props are included! Credits to my props manager 
And this is why I love my job 
NEW BLOG: My chat with 
Wishing one of the most humble and sweetest person I've known..A Very happy birthday darling Prabhas!
Ah thank you so much! You were a pleasure to teach 
I'm giving away one randomly selected Skype reading!For a chance to be read simply share this post & use the hashtag 
The response to the film has been overwhelming! We’re so thrilled that everyone is loving it as much as we do. Thank you for all of the nice comments and shares. Let’s keep it going! 
Did this just make you smile? 
I thought this boomerang thing was fun 
When you start something, it seems to follow you wherever you go
A great photo of London Rose Caoimhe Gallagher and Hong Kong Rose Clarissa Langley Coleman who enjoyed their evening representing the Rose of Tralee International Festival at the Irish Film Festival London! 
Glasgow team in JURE conference. 
Fantastic effort from the girls travelling down today & great questions 
Our pleasure Yah-Leng, your talk was incredible! Thank you for being part of it 
Love outdoor exmoor, great article, get out in the freshair! Wimbleball lake is just a short drive from Little Dragons cottage 
Oooooh Mary Berry out with the ghillies at Scone Palace - now she's making a 
Remember the 1999 National Draft? We certainly do 
New job postings up now! 
2 weeks until Snatch premieres on 
Thanks for your lovely comments Lesley  hope to see you again soon 
Fantastic motivational business speaker 
1 of my fav skin care lines is on sale
Thanks for sharing out story! 
Wrapped up... Outside!! 
We're very happy that you can enjoy of this sweet present! Best way to start Christmas season  
 Happy birthday Olleh !!! 
Come watch us at the Hard Rock in London on 25th October!! 
Wow! So proud of my colleagues 
Hard work n genuine talent must always be applauded...
Awesome hearing the national anthem 
remember that we did an acoustic version of “Hey!” Check the video out below 
Bless baby Jesus for letting me have Embiid on my fantasy squad 
So great to be able to work with The Florida Theatre on this again! Thanks for the memories. 
RT&FOLLOW us to win Wednesday's free large pizza of your choice. Collection 2day only # your nearest branch ST ANNES|SOUTHPORT|ROCHDALE!
Very well done to Charlotte, JayJay, Mia and James who competed at the Young Technology Competition today! You did us all proud! 
Thank you Ash... So are we 
Lovely visit this afternoon to the Christmas Market 
Ok, Chris and I arrived to Istanbul. Flight was ok, thanks for asking 
Chunnaic mi sin an dè - bravo a h-uile duine! Poetic recalling of another way of life...is bha uisge beatha ann 
Our Christmas diary is filling up fast! Book your table with us and you’ll receive table service as standard 
these people are my people, my heart is full 
Want to collaborate with us? Get in touch! Reply to this with your blog and contact details 
Brunch is served from 10am-3pm Sat & Sun 
We will be closed here at the Art Cafe tomorrow (Saturday 24th) Open again, business as usual, on Sunday 25th June.  See you then 
Children in Reception have been inspired by the Superpigs book. They have created their own super heroes, made cameras and telescopes to look out for the wolf and even built a wall to keep him away! Children also wrote some rules that all Superpigs must follow! 
No way! Even more gutted that I can’t be there. Thanks 
We’ve got a rainy day ahead of us but our botanical houses will be lovely & warm. We’ll be open 10am until 5pm today with last entry at 4 
Amazing women!! I am 
So so happy I managed to catch 
So lovely to see you both! Thank you for taking me out 
SPARK is hiring! We are looking for someone who has experience on admin and finance. We are based in Araneta Center-Cubao, Quezon City. Please let me know if you know someone interested guys. 
Woo hoo!!!  I can’t wait!!! 
It's been a while but I just posted a NEW cover song, requested by a viewer! This is Viva la Vida by Coldplay. Please check it out and if you like it, consider following & subscribing! 
What a great idea by Loughrea Rugby Club. Spread the word 
 Festival receives Spirit of the Emirates Award at 
Well done Edward and Jamie braving the weather and working on your cornering, lots of progress 
Thank you to everyone who voted for us!
TONIGHT TONIGHT!!! Can't wait to see y'all lovely faces there 
we hope you enjoyed your visit to the Gin Library & sampled some local favourites! 
Happy Thanksgiving from these little turkeys! 
Now just $0.99 till Sunday 
C'mon Jays - More dingers and less strikeouts! 
Cards Against Humanity can definitely give you a good hard laugh even if you’re feelin blue. 
My bday jst would nt b te same without ur warm nd loving wishes!tnk u so much fr all of them.pls consider this as a personal thk u note
Another great result yesterday going from P11 to P2 with the fastest lap again.. 
So this is the 2nd day of my healing process after my hair transplant. Goodbye traction alopecia 
Love Dark Souls 1-3, Bloodborne & Demon Souls? Tune in on December 1-3 to watch some of the best players in the world showcase speedruns, races, challengeruns and more for charity. You don't want to miss this! 
 it’s true... I do. 
Year 2 enjoying their pudsey biscuits for children in need 
“Everybody in the bleachers, they all gon wanna Meet ya, my teachers to my preacher, my little crowd pleaser”
rock 'n' roll at 
And the wave turns into a tsunami. Doing a wee twirl of delight... 
Prince Harry isn't the only one with an engagement to announce, and thanks to the 
You're welcome, Kasey - I love what your 
Tonight is opening night!We hope to see you there 
Hi Hairkada! Catch me in my BEST MODE as I go live tonight! Keep tweeting 
Getting ready for this weekend !  
Looking forward to midnight for my weekly slot on 
If anyone is looking for social media, SEO or website update help. I’ll be available for some freelance work from January. Just send me an email 
Delighted to be on the Caledonia Novel Award longlist! Thank you so much 
 we love her, even though she ate all the Mac & Cheese 
Looking forward to getting started with this 
Snoekies Hout Bay Play Zone today 
Got a question or query? Please email the team on customerservice@tmstor.es 
Chefs Chefs wherever you are.......We're hiring 
Long after the event, people still mingling and chatting!
They taste really good 
This will bring the total number of libraries we've started all over Kenya to 118 libraries 
Finally caught up with Beardless Beer Week at 
Feeling all the festive feels! 
Few Pictures of our desserts from the Stars Of The Future Dinner last night 
I thought I'd jump on the bandwagon. Better late than never I guess.
I'm really fortunate that the research community I engage with (as a gov scientist) is collaborative, encouraging, and supportive (of me, and each other). You mob know who you are 
What a lovely surprise to receive this certificate! Thank you STEM Learning 
 Thank you for catching the show fam 
Such a fantastic morning with Baird Class at Sunny Bank School - so proud to see every child getting braver & braver each week 
DSW National Youth Board is on Twitter! Please follow and share our tweets to help us promote disability sport to a wider audience 
 Oo... Teen TitansGo is coming on!   
Instagram - danthomastattoogo give it a like please thats where i will be posting all my art from now on 
Oh yes.... 
always happy when i see you my friend
A lovely review for THE NOTE by 
Can't believe I've got to go fork out for another iPhone screen because of some idiot 
Well said. 10% OFF for all Armed Forced, NHS & Emergency Services Staff at Deep Blue, Hardwick Shopping Centre. Another Great British tradition 
Why can’t we have Stage Junior 
I now have a Facebook page. Any likes/shares much appreciated 
How all Lions feel right now 
Hardly! It's tough to pick out which parts of your book to rave about - far too many! 
This is precious! Welcome to Gatlinburg. 
The paint job looks great! We know the kids will love it! 
I'm stressed out. Send me cute gifs. 
Arrived for my next training day at Photobarn 
Well done Fiona!!
Thanks for all the birthday love yesterday 
If your were one of those flogs whinging about not getting tickets to 
Doing a show today for 1400 of the most passionate, talented, incredible young man and women in Las Vegas - at Las Vegas Academy of the Arts! Can’t wait 
Happy Wednesday. We like to cater for all dietary requirements 
I'm still recuperating, but this is the funniest thing I've seen all week. The homeowner was baking brownies, and Yogi's always hungry!
We work really hard to make sure every brides experience is perfect and we'd love to win the 
At Pizza Hut after watching a great 
New Year's Eve is coming up quick! What're your plans? We're gonna party with 
Missing my best friend....come back to California to visit me 
Ayy look what came in the mail today from 
Just got my first Christmas present tonight thanks 
Our 2018 Facebook event page, please share 
So chuffed to have won Gold in Cairo at World Cup #2. Thank you for all your messages 
 Now I'm blushing ALOT 
For all those working in our emergency services tonight. Cheers very much for all your hard work. Please be careful 
I would love for have PBC fights at the 
Incredible doesn't even begin to describe it! What an amazing experience - you guys are THE BEST!!! Thanks again, everyone 
Thanks Lloyd, glad you liked the book and yes I did live my dream 
Many congratulations, Hannah 
Tory!!! Listen to your older brother! I know it’s your birthday today but he is still 2 days older than you. 
Keep smiling, it's nearly Friday 
 was a pioneer in advocating children’s rights.Happy 
Interesting charts by Dr. Paul Kelly 
When you're one of the proud sponsors of the 
Had a great chat with Mervin and Mizan at 
NPO Crew is here at Our Next Generation Block Party. Come out and have a good time with us and the neighborhood ! 
There are still a few open spots left! See you all tonight 
 This might be the cutest picture I've ever seen! So adorable! 
Good words today, 
Happy World Kindness Day! On this lovely day, let's not forget to be kind to our earth 
The way we feel every day! 
Thank you to everyone who visited us yesterday! 
Cynthia's beautiful handmade toys 
Thanks for the follow! UK's Award Winning TV Presenter Scarlette Douglas 
Yep yep, I know where I'll be as soon as I wake up 
Can you spot the Sara? 
Final dress reh for my cast tomorrow ahead of opening night on Wednesday! 
Just bought my ticket to see 
Politics is art of possible & going to temple & photo shoot there is correct strategy for congress (like BJP / Sangh parivar keep Ram Janam Bhoomi issue alive) specially when it is branded an anti hindu party by opponents. Congis are on image building and course corrections. 
Thank you Lara Union for sponsoring this day's feeding and activity! 
Had an awesome time riding the 
You have only one day to decide if for Christmas you'll travel by saving 20€! 
Our Student For A Day event on October 3, 2017 is fully booked! Thank you for your interest. 
That's all from us for today. We're back from 8am tomorrow. Don't forget you can get support on our online community too 
Will this stop Trump tweeting? Let’s hope so 
Going to broadcast at 3:00 pm! What should we broadcast on? 
Check the new menu guys 
The Christmas tree is up in our London office! Excited for the upcoming festivities! 
Discussing succession planning & the importance of 
 No problem Harry!!! Keep pushing and striving! Great work today! 
Tired but I promised I'd stream today! 
I can't wait to fall in love so I have someone to tell my social security number to 
Happy Birthday to my fav sniper instructor! 
We're recruiting for Mortgage advisers to join our network.  DM for more information 
Here now until 4pm. Indoors 
It’s not all baubles and tinsel with us... you get 3 fantastic courses and an hour off road! All for £75 per person 
Beautiful to hear the twins both singing me happy birthday today.
Some wonderful reflections on the Lord's Prayer here!! 
STEWARDS ENQUIRY on David Hudson's Movember 'easy' task. Result will be posted soon..
I love my new tshirt 
****Competition Winner****Ashleigh Longhorn Please message us to claim your prize.
Kai Havertz enjoyed seeing his “big bro” Ömer Toprak today! Toprak gifted the youngster his jersey after the match 
Have you seen our athletes singing England's 1982 World Cup song with Kevin Keegan yet?! Not to be missed 
 Thanks so much babes! Dont be silly it was a busy night, thank you anyway for a really inspiring talk picked up a fab few tips 
... thank you to all the lovely parents who came to our class workshop this morning. We hope you enjoyed it 
First day back out on the pitch running today, Shoulder feels great 
On the one hand, i don't have a romantic partner who loves me.On the other hand, if 18 year old me could see me now she'd be like "Damn! She's really doin' it! She's a legit cartoonist and editor!"
Home sweet home! 
Australia starts as firm favourites to win the Ashes...England would do well to win or draw 1 Test out of five. Early prediction. Bricks/bouquets later 
We are so, so proud of Sophie 
Saturdays are for baking pies. 
Link's in my bio. 
Although we don't do recommendations we are always happy to retweet 
Quran Cube - **NEW** Islamic Baby Cot Toy - With Quran And Nasheeds - Available Now At 
So my play Porcelain is part of 
I love a little man I’ve never met even shed tears for him and his family.He is an inspiration I am so very happy you are part of his life.Bless you and have a wonderful Christmas.
Saving that one for closer to Christmas 
Yes, yes, and thrice, yes...! 
No harm in a little bit of indulgence ... surely  
Yes, I am racing the 2018 
My Foldscope has arrived! An origami based microscope - to make medical research more affordable. Proud to have backed this one on 
At the Andrews Sports Med. w/Ivey for X-rays, etc. (please pray) and saw this on the wall. This is how you know you’re at the best orthopedic’s office in the whole world. 
WENT TO THE BROAD MUSEUM TODAY.. IT WAS VERY INSPIRING IF I MAY SAY 
Please RT. And if you’re from 
Where’s the best Christmas market in Europe? Me and Emily are looking again this year :) Dortmund was ticked last year 
Did mention i love in Tring 
Congratulations Coach Stephen Francis on the Order ofJamaica!!! Well Deserved 
 is one good looking chocolate man like dt good ole 
Thanks so much for coming Raj! It was lovely to meet you. 
Thanks to each and everyone for all the birthday wishes and blessings 
Come say hello at the Gorbals Co-op today! 
We teach our WHOLE team UX principles, even the back end devs 
Spit wine fair 2017 at the Smock Alley last Thursday. First proper taste done 
It's go time! The final installment on the 
We did knock spots off last years total amount raised for Children in Need: this year we raised £340! Thank you for your support.
All ready for Rugby Santa run tomorrow 
Ahhhh nice hot bubble bath and 
Looking forward to seeing your film 
Homegrown basil, homemade pesto slathered on chicken thighs resting on a bed of veggies! Real food does exist 
What a lovely start to the week 
We’re looking forward to your arrival 
You can’t go wrong with a place that’s been on top of the list consistently for so long. I’m a lucky girl to be going back tonight 
Looking forward to a Christmas ride with everyone in Cork, going to be a great day! Hope you all can make it 
Some days I know the feeling... 
for anyone wanting VIPs you get them from his website on “store” 
This is a fantastic programme! I fully recommend people to consider putting an application in  if you want to develop new skills and learn about yourself as a leader 
Can't wait to know more...thanks for sharing~
Beautiful decor for Isla's 1st birthday from 
Rum
Thank you so much for your kind words 
I know it’s crazyyyyyy they are so good 
nuthead__ in the barrel, well sort of 
Had some help signing my contract this morning 
 is selling his acoustic guitar £100 collection, message him for further details 
Maurice is so much around... Now you know where to see him 
After only one lesson on What-How-Why and absolutely no mention of PEA, I'm impressed with Y7 first attempts- so much potential 
Delighted to have been nominated for The Drum Creative Awards 
And that my friends, is how you set up a venue for a 
“The 1783 cure”, came across this old Belfast cure - porter & jamaican peppers. Tastes 
Hi !! Have a great day with a lot of smile 
Thanks so much to Emiratesfir allowing us to use your lounge to freshen up before taking the baby home 
 thank you! So glad you liked it 
We believe in the value of a community pharmacy, that's why we commend our staff members on their work within the community 
We love this article from our MD Samatha Spiro on 
Real sound guys mix in Speedos.  Lol.  Hahahhahaha. 
Found safe & well despite being out in cold weather. Thanks for RTs 
OMG I woke up in a castle! 
Wow, we're so pleased to get this mention! Thanks for another great show 
Delighted to have just met my Midlands PQiPs on their first day of what I hope will be long & enjoyable careers. Welcome to the Probation family! 
I'm still excited 
Thanks for hosting us. Glad that we could support your charity 
It's mere a rumour that 
Well today we've got alot of Trucks out! We have 
Dear Friends and Family, If you really would like to support me and other fellow indy artists, please PAY FOR OUR SHIT. There is no such thing as “the hookup”. That simply means we’re paying for whatever it is ourselves, which only makes us more broke. Thanks - Management 
Check the current buying & selling rates for the Forex market via  
To celebrate the release of ‘Vintage & Morelli - While The Earth Sleeps (David Broaders Remix)’ as part of ‘Silk Remixed 07’, I’ve put together a Beatport Chart featuring some of my current favourite tracks 
We're online!Check out the website:
Really looking forward to it, Hannah, thanks again for having me on the show! 
Not watched rugby in ages. Excited for this one though... think it's the breakfast 
Our free coffee tasting session starts at 10:30am today in our Blackfriars St shop, we hope you can make it! 
At Co-op Council withSteve Murrels CEO looking forward to Christmas great trading and more return for Members and our local Causes. £20m making a real difference in our communities - V Co-op 
8P started the band project this morning 
 Your argument was very convincing. I didn't want to be rude 
You guys are just a brilliant team 
Great to have you in.  So pleased you enjoyed it!  
Former Beauty student came in last week to do a makeup demo. She has launched her own makeup range under the name Momo Lashes.. well done 
There is always a reason to smile... everyday 
Happy new year ! Thank you for your support in 2016, our first year in the game had been quite an adventure 
Dear Friends, glad to welcome you on my fresh Instagram page. Here is the link: 
Thank you very very much Didi .
Wow, thanks guys for 100 Subscribers on Twitch ! I have been loving it there recently 
Please could we have an RT to get the last place booked 
Tonight's camp at Twin County is going ahead, report to the fields as normal! See everyone there 
Looking forward to performing in the beautiful concert room of St George's hall! 'Christmas Classics In the Concert Room' not to be missed! 7th and 14th December. 2pm performance or 8pm performance so no excuse not to make it!! 
Just under 3 weeks to go, make sure you get your tickets!! 
Don't ever change just to impress and please someone. Change because it makes you a better person and it leads you to a better future... GM... 
Looking forward to welcoming 40 wedding photographers to Cheltenham for a night out 
When you're in the car and your song comes on 
Oh this is so lovely. Thank you for letting me know 
Yay! We loved it too. Thank for coming 
Today's run will go ahead. 
Dallas with friend and neighbor Josh Wiggins
We’re sampling at some of our favourite stockists this month! 
The band are out tonight celebrating their victory with a lovely meal at Mimmos in Thornton 
Congratulations Mark! Can't wait for your work to join us here in 2018!! 
Say hello to your 2017-2018 First Year Council! We're excited for what the year will bring and hope you are too 
Great to meet you too! Remember - late July for the 
Well done to this week’s Big Maths Champions and Super Spellers 
5 Days Til Christmas!! 
When the voice of the sea speaks to my soul. 
Don't let your dreams remain just 'DREAMS' .... be CREAM
A bookstore is a happy place. Like endless Christmas Days. 
Adam corner at the Sir John Soane’s Museum 
A huge congratulations to all the amazing award winners & finalists at the 
Aged 18-25? I'm running a Board Game Night today for 
Delighted to get thru to the last 32 of the NI Open here in Belfast,back on tomo again,homebound now just in time to watch 
 you look so good in this video! 
Key to success of any team is development. This is y Germany r No.1 in world football.Keep it up Dolphins & Kesh with ur attitude u gonna rise further buddy 
Nothing but respect for MY president - great seeing 
Just had a wonderful meeting w/ my lovely friends at 
Happy birthday Liv, hope you have a great day
The Lord Mayor's Charity Ball will be held on Sat 3rd Feb 2018 in aid of The RISE Foundation,Aoibheann's Pink Tie & Blossom IrelandIf you would like to buy tickets for this event (great Xmas present)  contact 01-222 6200  and please mention The RISE Foundation.. pls retweet 
A privilege to ref tonight’s charity match ! Cambs has some cracking players , not only for there ability on the pitch but off it to ! Hero’s ! From balloons, impeccable silence and a cracking applause ! Even a bit of comedy ! Nights like this is why I ref ! 
Thank you to all our followers we have just hit 4K - thank you 
So thankful to be able to come speak! Thank you for having me 
Yay! And yes Essex not far from Beth chatto & Hyde hall amongst other lovelies 
. If you are around just reminding you of the first airing of our new ad. 
 "Can you make a good joke about the Holocaust?...That is the premise of Ferne Pearlstein's 'superb' documentary."
Shoot cancelled, Heart said go back to sleep 
Make sure you save room for pudding 
I'm giving away one randomly selected Skype reading!For a chance to be read simply share this post.Winner announced next week 
Proud to Announce that In another 24hrs Audio Launch for my next film 
Thanks for the kind and generous words Morgan 
Our new favorite event 
Apparently I'm "binge worthy" and "can be read in one sitting" ! Thanks 
 Leah, I'm proud to work 
 anna first time tried a colourpencil art for u , hope u like it anna
Just gonna sit here and wait until 
Watch this video clip to know why 
very good to meet with and try to support new colleagues in SW London 
Being yourself is the prettiest thing you can be. 
Coming again this Saturday. Can’t wait!!! 
Me & courtenayvalenti taking over 
Keep your eyes peeled while watching Strictly this weekend!!!
good morning just a friendly reminder that just because someone is denying abuse allegations doesn't mean they are in the clear 
 day 2 of the BSE Christmas Fayre,  2 ambulances,  2 FAU,  para,  12 first aid , comms and EM all set up, briefed and in place until 2030 today 
Big friendly Michigan giant 
 WEEKEND TEAM CHALLENGE:Please FOLLOW 
Super Y6 Leavers Party! What a lovely bunch! Good luck for the future 
best weekend, best music, best people 
Thank u, dear tweeps, fr responding to this. Hope it made u smile 
Hey race fans stay tuned for a special 
Let's Chase the dream enjoying a massage 
 Then & now, 14 years on 
Was lovely to meet with Colm, Seán, Rúairí & Daisy from Coláiste Eoin @Hacketsown to help them complete their 
Honoured to be able to connect with students across Canada and inspire them to believe! 
Check out the latest interview I did for 
 The fact he really is the kids' best friend 
Join us... We look forward to seeing you in Urbania! 
Planet Organic have a special offer on Ombars this month. 
DionWired's tech services is a one-stop destination for all your IT needs such as removing a virus from your device or installing software. PLUS, we now have free WiFi in all our stores 
Today day is the day Annual Achievement Awards. See you all later 
Namaste Ahmedabad. Are you ready for my concert tonight ? The talented Javed Ali is my co singer along with RJ Anmol. See you tonight 
And when such of good friends come to join de party from London... 
I think that this photo is when I hit peak cuteness. 
Absolute right soooooo important to talk and look after each other 
This year at Freepik we have a very special tree 
It will keep you warm. And make you really,really happy. 
4. Get your friends involved!That's it!Don't forget to tag us, follow us and use the 
Loving rehearsals for prisoner 466! Don't want it to end! Come check out what we've been u to with 
 Double finalists!!! We can’t wait!!! 
Thanks for jamming with us last night Cleveland. The scene out here is sick 
Can’t wait for you guys to hear these songs
Me. All day. 
Nice feedback  from a parent  on one of our school contracts about our Driver Paul Craig , well done Paul 
This is the ish right here... 
Time to stop taking care of me and start taking care of your new baby 
I'm so excited to see 
Enjoy your birthday. In Shaa Allah many more to come. 
And a good read it is. 
Swinging 60’s has arrived at Kip Marina for BBC Children in Need. Everyone has made a fantastic effort with their costumes. Please pop in & make a donation if you can. Thank you 
Hooray! Thanks for the awesome feedback 
Smile! Jesus loves you! 
All set up in this prestigious venue 
Dana Riggs helping me with ways to teach a group of readers
Taking Jamaica to the world one city at a time! 
In 2017 I became a completely different athlete thanks to 
Lovely film showing the fantastic work from Saltscape! We're featured 3:58 seconds with our work to develop media skills in local communities 
It’s been really nice having some of the pro players here just join us (casters) for various meals and having chats with us. Both parties realising that the other is actually just normal and humble is always a good thing. 
Officer Perez ran into an old friend @ the 
A busy class today and a whole range of experience, ages and goals.Just how we like it! Lots of great work on squats today 
My Debut Single FA$T LIFE is now out 
The birthday boy gets all the glam... thanks grandma 
Everyone please make a note about Perambulators in Bandra Gymkhana 
This lotion smells so nice & makes skin really soft!
Come and talk to us, find out what we can do to help you market your Dartmoor/Devon business whether it's accommodation, an activity, a place to eat/drink, service or a retail product 
Kids connection dancewear and shoe shop
Climbing up one more spot. STOP IT sitting at No. 4 in the tech house and YA DIDNT is almost there sitting No. 11 
Oooooh I'm a slap you so hard 
Photo shooting with the first harvest in our new Basile 
Come and see us and pick up your free Christmas Market Guide 
AVAILABLE NOW! On DVD, my 
Rooftop garden complete- let's see how the plants like being on top of 
Our ambassadors are amazing! Big thanks to 
NEW VIDEO: An EXCLUSIVE & FIRST Unboxing of the Google Pixel 2 & Google Pixel XL 2! RT & Enjoy 
All Is Bright & Red Apple Wreath Scenterpiece Meltcups are back in stock 
NEW VIDEO: OnePlus 5T vs iPhone X Speed Test! RT's appreciated 
Calling Lara Croft! 
That some loaf bet not many folk come in and ask for one of them unless they've got tractor and trailer outside shop !! lol looks a lovely shop !!! 
 is what we all need! Believe in yourself like this 
 We are looking for a new Band 7 Infant Feeding Clinical Educator .. come and join us 
What a night!!! Still sleepy but damn, that was AMAZING 
@FettisPrincess thank you! 
And, again, a HUGE shout out to 
Congratulations Napo Wildlife Center, well deserved! We loved our stay this summer thank you 
Congrats Dan, Jim, Vanessa and Martin 
This is so lovely, please share, and or donate if possible...Thankyou 
We love a happy smile! 
Had a great presentation evening 
Working on some new things....i'm totally excited,,,be ready...
We’re almost ready for Christmas, how about you? 
Guess who's collection is the opening collection of the advent calendar from  ScienceOpen 
Good thoughts make one Beautiful 
Had a brilliant night improvising with this lot 
A selection of our hard wearing fashionable trainers 
Apparently my default picture pose is 
This is an amazing achievement! All of our conference delegates and B&B guests get access to these incredible facilities too, such a bonus 
Delicious batch of Bbq Sauce No3 
Super News. Thanks for giving me the opportunity to write the lyrics 
London town looking very pretty! Touring design hot spots with 40 interior students from 
Winter Lore is a 9 hour tribute to Earth by celebrating existence through songs, music, poetry, dance, art & stories. We begin with 10 mins of Yoga/Meditation and celebration will go on for 9 hours. We will gather to share love, compassion, smiles with warm hearts in cold days 
Good morning ladies! 
Thanks for having us! We had a great time!!! 
excellent piece of work needs some promoting 
So grateful to have so many quality people in my life! Thanks for all the birthday love! You all make my life so full..
This day 7 weeks is Christmas! Tick one more thing off your to-do list book us for your Christmas party 
Just had this delightful raffle prize donated by one of our super kind followers for our Christmas Ceilidh coming up on Dec 2nd (see our pinned tweet). Thank you fabulous donor, hugely kind of you 
FYI! If you're still up, I posted 2 new videos tonight! Check your Subscription boxes!! 
Free workshop for people in Smethwick & West Birmingham interested in community business opportunities. Come with ideas, challenges and an interest in finding mutual solutions 
Stark living cost faced for employment in London.  As the parent of 4 graduates, 3 employed in London and 1 in Kathmandu ...... ££££Good reason for 
My smile says it all. I had an amazing night 
What a beauty! Thanks for sharing 
Thanks to everyone that came along to see us today. met some really lovely people and it was great to hear everyone's lovely words and feedback on our gin. We do have to say it did go down a storm. Time now to rest our feet for round two tomorrow 
Fuck Halloween parties I’m staying in the house to work on my craft make money & smoke blunts  
Start your week with a brand new episode of CityCast: we're talking energy, environment, and how to make the world a happier & healthier place 
Starting on my TCI Lean journey 
Drinking Robinsons Strawberry and Kiwi again, there's no aspartame in it again now, oh I've missed it 
Brownies enjoy marshmallows over the fire 
thank you! Also on itunes and amazon ! 
A friendly shoulder to lean on 
Yaay can’t wait to see it !!!! 
The finalists have been announced and we are delighted to have been nominated in two categories for 
Home.Laden w goodies!HUGE thanks all who came to the NL/BE/GER gigs, special thanks2 Marius&Math for arranging
Great start to cohort 5 of our employability workshops with 
So glad to have shared my journey with the community 
Thank you for your kind words!  It was lovely to see you 
Such amazing visuals. Guys please watch 
Thank u so much for coming home and spending precious time with us inspite of ur busy schedule 
Everyone go follow DMACC for some cool tweets and have a chance to win a cool prize 
A year ago (Oct4) I saw 
Happy Mother's Day
Best surprise of today - 
jhb family. kitcheners tonight, let’s vibe out 
When your passion and purpose are greater than your fears and excuses, you will find a way. Here's Danyl's story 
Bright Side Biweekly: Meet Claudine 
When children – no matter their abilities – learn & play together, barriers crumble. 
What a day!! Thanks 
Good morning. Happy Tuesday! The warmup continues with temps in the 70s along the coast into the mid to upper 80s farther inland and perhaps even lower 90s in places. Tomorrow will be downright hot! Stay cool, stay safe and tune in starting at 4:30! 
The Skyline walling volunteers have been busy building the restoration wall on a chilly Rainbow Wood farm today 
It's great to have your support again this year 
What a beautiful dining experience courtesy of 
Collecting donations for less fortunate families in Halton. See poster for ideas. Donations can be left at the Studio on Lacey Street or at Namaste Interiors in Widnes. Thank You in advance 
 Mmmmm, bamboo This red panda enjoying a snack, taken by 
It's our Inspiring Afternoon on Thursday...there's still time to book a ticket to see the fab Sarah Glendinning, from 
Any guesses?? 
Part 13 of my Teenage Cancer Journey marks a real turning point in my story. Thanks for reading. RT 
Good morning everyone! Lauren, Emma and Adam are your team today. If you need us please send us a tweet! Happy Wednesday 
You did, I really enjoyed it and you tackled most the major topics I was struggling to understand. So thank you Andy 
Very excited for our first UK headline tour! 
Sharing the podium with my little sister today, hopefully the first of many 
Looking forward to the Galway event  immensely! So excited to be sharing the stage with 
An absolute pleasure to join you. Thank you for the invite 
There may be better places to live than Coventry, but few places doing as much cutting edge Beh Sci research as Warwick’s 
Congratulations to Lauren for completing her final challenge badge tonight
U can't run from d Shadow, but u can invite it to dance. 
Yay! The Go On Girl Book Club will be reading 
THE THREE JUST A CARD RULES:1.PLEASE don't just LIKE a TWEET - Please RETWEET it as well.....Think about this - We're trying to support YOU - that's everyone - A LIKE means only you see it - doesn't help others much now does it?! 2. Same3.Same again.....geddit??! 
Another busy weekend coming up. I'm at the Normansfield Christmas Craft Fair at the Langdon Down Centre in Teddington on Saturday and in Radlett for 
We had a celebrity in at Waddesdon recently, he wa lovely and let us take a selfie 
We hope you enjoy your visit, Christa. 
Once on This Island Is coming back to  Broadway. This makes me very happy 
2/2for the Anti-Bullying Campaign. We are proud to support and work with you all with this. Well done Nicholas 
About to cook rice in bamboo over the fire with the indigenous Li tribe of Hainan, China 
Thought it best to just explain that I was offered funding but chose to turn it down! Thanks for all the supportive tweets though, means a lot! Now just to get back to the main task of running as best I can 
More photos from our Children in Need dress up and fun today 
Sensational shot...thanx for sharing
Looking forward to performing Manuel Valera's "The Planets" here at Terraza 7 in Queens tonight & tomorrow night! 
Truly brilliant to see this happen. Congrats 
 A few clips from last Friday’s test in the DS3 R3 
You can’t win it if you’re not in it! 
Assisted Teachers with DRA Administration today! 
Thank you Jennifer! It was definitely meant to happen. Have a great rest of your weekend. 
TFW when you're on the way home from the airport and the radio station plays your favorite National Day song. 
Well, thank you most kindly! Your kind words are very appreciated. (we love you too)  
Happy Halloween! Love, Jack and Jill 
No matter how big your goal is, it is important to break this down into small goals. This way they are achievable, and keep you motivated 
Saying it in black & white ..  
There’s still time to visit us tonight open until 10pm 
Congratulations & good luck team for 200K followers. 
Fitting venue for tonight’s 
My huge surprise on Thursday 
Yes! We will be tweeting from this account and also using 
What design trends will we see in 2018? The 
Take peak at our new look website, we are super excited by it 
Perhaps the most fun I've ever had 
That was one heck of a football match 
How about this for a match made in heaven! Cherry Orchard fruit cake, Harrogate Blue cheese & a glass of Sloe Ruby 
Help us to get small charities trending on Twitter through the Small Charity Week Thunderclap 
When See Forever Eyes by 
We love the personal message 
Great morning thanks to everyone who came along, great to have new faces today! thanks again to our wonderful volunteers. See you all again next week 
 I don't have a 3 year old but I carried my friend's 9 month old for 15 minutes and my arms became sore. Hang in there! 
Our still, Hilda, has been constructed. Now she'll be dismantled ready for shipping 
It would be a really nice tribute to 
I’m taking control of the decks for this week’s 
Need I say more...
It's finally here!! My debut single 
DJs play what the people want to hear 
For every retweet this gets, Pedigree will donate one bowl of dog food to dogs in need! 
This was such a blast! Can’t wait to play more 
Hope you have an amazing day.Play this song when you get the chance. Thank you. 
Yarny Christmas anyone? Cogges is a loooovely jaunt out 
Inn For All Seasons 
Our fourth(!) indigo dyeing and Shibori retreat will take place May 13th-15th 2018 with 
Suppliers will be over the moon to do business with you. 
The nice thing about being up in the middle of the night is watching the number of people from Down Under reading your blogs 
Great to see my Scottish family today 
We love seeing excited faces! Enjoy the film 
Love a day that starts with a client visit, and a day job/mini makeover in the bag 
The Frosted Fairground has started! Rides, ice rink + Santa's grotto all open today 
I gotta go get this stinking flight! Sorry I couldn't do more, but thanks a lot for the questions, I'll do more next time 
I would like to say a huge thank you to everyone for all the support, likes, shares and comments, I really do appreciate every single one 
What a wonderful spring we've been having this winter 
It was absolutely our pleasure! Thank you for your time, interest and ideas 
Going to start using instagram 
We’re really excited to be nominated for the Outstanding Commitment Award this evening at the 
Class was alive with Math Talk today as we explored Yes and No Surveys! Happy when RG was asking "Do you like Ms. Horyn?" the results came back in my favour with 18-0 
My two favorite foods! There better be marshmallows!!!! 
Hellooo Class X! Congrats to new and current friend. 
Thanks to all who abseiled off the Titan Crane today to raise money for us. To donate visit 
Had an absoultely fantastic time at 
You mos def get a "cookie": a book if you would like one. DM me your address. 
This fan made Motion Poster of 
A great response tonight on the 
Lovely atmosphere in Llandeilo today for 
The Times of India - 
I wasn't expecting to a quest this morning, but it's a pleasant surprise nonetheless! 
Great day at the BHC Ladies 7-aside ladies tournament 
Good news - it's 
 Good luck!. See you tomorrow 
Fantastic night. Really enjoyed the volleyball, parents and caregivers were all smiles 
Being happy is a very personal thing and it really has nothing to do with anyone else
Thanks for the kind words! So glad you enjoyed the showsy-wosey! 
I am looking forward to being back in school on Monday! I’ve missed you Amber class! See you soon, Mrs Bayley 
This song is unbelievably powerful. Each lyric has a purpose and everyone can relate to the theme this song conveys. Feelings are so hard to explain but this song helps me feel like I'm not alone. Give it a listen 
Fantastic day with the team, met some great people too! Until next time 
 Professor Irene Higginson OBE excellent presentation  'What does the future hold for dying people in the UK' -  focused on the future trends that will have a key impact on models of Palliative and hospice care. Excellent speaker 
What a great show tonight 
Needed a change of scene this afternoon so I'm celebrating being reunited with my laptop by doing some writing at the local climbing wall 
Having an hour (& some Tuc Biscuits) with Hendrik whilst I donate platelets 
Old wares in New Norfolk
We hope all the P7s had a fantastic night at our activity evening
The law is a like a scalpel in the hands of the award winning  
That is, Breaking News with Brooke
Always a great way to open out Winter Wonderland event! 
There's always time for tea! Visit us in Chipping Norton or Broadway, we'd love to see you 
So. Damn. Grateful. 
Just a little bit of love from the Library 
There are so many more... but thx you for taking the time to read 
I also got some merch 
Thank you to everyone who tuned in tonight to watch 
Getting ready for the Rose of Tralee TV Show 
Such a fun time today 
Woohoo! Getting more and more real 
Sunday! Free & open to all in wedding industry! 
Total Request Tuesday. 
 Thank you, everyone! What a great 
Looking forward to reading this. Thank you for sharing 
With Christmas just around the corner, it's a time to be with all your friends and family 
RT FOR A FOLLOW / DM
I am so excited about this! There are always so many lovely pictures to check out and it’s so fun to share the festive cheer with those unable to have some of their own 
This gave us chills 
Now who’s joining us for Traditional Sunday Roast today 
would anyone be down to watch elf with me right now?
So pleased to be part of this amazing event, James, June and Paul are inspiring 
Wishing my friend of over 15 years, 
Coming up today at 3pm. Our very lovely secretary 
 got the best friend ever 
HAPPY FIRST DAY OF VARSITY!! Come support 
Let us keep you cosy with our latest offering 
Good morning friends! Wishing you a great Tuesday!!! 
cozy comforters and customer service! so glad you and the fam are loving your purchase, Kelsey 
Goodness gracious y’all. 
Over 100 backers and almost 200% funded on 
What's left behind is nothing compared to what's ahead 
It’s great to hear how well George is doing and how much he’s enjoying his apprenticeship! 
Keep collecting Magic Show passes
Don’t forget that you can ask for extra help from your local 
Alll I want for my birthday is for you all to buy my album lol 
The power of community! Together, we can 
Happy Halloween!Come April, we’re gonna have a new little RUNAtic running around! 
 Thursday 2nd November ETA & AFA CPD Bury St Edmund's HQ 1930 - 2130,  A & P , oxygen administration update,  collars & Scoops 
Just one week to go... ;)Next Monday 27/11, it's the 
An absolute pleasure - see you all again soon! 
 i meet a friend on the airport seconds after this tweet,got a hug,heart is warm again haha 
 Thank you so much for your wonderful classic dry shampoo,I just love it!!! Makes my life so much easier 
And we’re off...... 
It was a really good get together for children and adults 
Come join Adam and our other awesome members in 2018!  Sign up to be a 2018 Dubs Member today!  Just follow the link below 
Massive thanks to anyone who came along and donated to our Macmillan day and thanks to 
Woo! I'm speaking here 20th Nov, in London, alongside some very interesting people. 
 Rep Workforce discovery Sessions @ Trinity Police Station this evening, great positive Evening 
Thanks for the share guys!! 
Quiz champions! Fun night with 
Skipping games at playtime! We’ve found a skipping rhymes book too 
True story: When 
Upgraded our showroom with new reception desk and sales desk. Away goes the old "sales tower". 
Today's the day! Visit us to find out more about the Further & Higher Education courses and the Apprenticeships we offer. We are here from 10am-1pm 
A little pre-advent countdown 
Rockin’ Wednesday Forkster/Tim & folks 
Editing your domain settings doesn't have to be so daunting 
In October's edition of 
On the 30th of November Soweto Theatre presents to you 
Had a fab weekend full of fizz and fun. Now off to see my Grandmother and the rest of family. Looking forward going back to work on Thursday, really miss my team 
A very warm welcome to the 6th cohort of 
Excellent film, pop it on your Christmas list immediately 
 Thanks for the Birthday video!! Everyone should order a video from you, they are addictive!! Thanks for making my Birthday special
Today at 3pm/central.  I lost my dad to this awful disease.  
1st circuits session of winter done!Thanks 
We're FLIPPIN' excited tonight! 
This was probably my favorite jump of the year 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Kilncraigs! 
Seattle U, introducing our PRSSA Executive Board for the 2017-2018 school year! We can't wait to get to know new and returning members! 
We had a great time chatting with Tesco Taste Northern Ireland recently! 
Night line entertainment - lots of fun & adventure. Hot chocolate now 
Thank you to all of you, I really enjoyed this course and I would highly recommend it! Brilliant experience - keep up the amazing work 
Great to see so much talent 
Monday afternoons now staffed with Super Heroes. So, no change there then
Volunteered at Omnibus Theatre last night and met 
Great pictures from the event! Thanks for sharing with us 
Very true, tiny bookmark, very true indeed! Or, y'know, you could get them for free from your local library... 
I've got 2 spare tickets for 
Congratulations to Lorna Mulvey for successfully defending your PhD yesterday! Huge well done from everyone at IBAHCM 
N’Keal Harry is sure fun to watch. 
Holidays are all about celebrating with the family and friends. And when it comes to making the most of celebrations, Hershey’s Holiday Miniatures make it all the more fun 
Before I frame this picture and hang it in my office to stare at like a creepy stage 5 clinger I thought I’d share it with y’all 
THIS GIRL CAN WEEK IS NEXT WEEK 
I was listening to 'Wolf' and got some inspiration 
We are happy to have you Chris, we welcome you! From all the team at Stoneleigh Events 
 Spanish omelette with spinach & mushroom, salsa and roasted carrot & red pepper 
Happy to get the win tonight 
Looking forward to meeting new people for drinks at  
The Crunch will be going up tomorrow, we are finalising some new sponsored mod stuff currently and we want to include that in the post. 2x was just turned on so you'll see it live in under half an hour. 
The SRC's Health-Research Concepts Competition has begun!!!!! Check out the SRC's webpage, 
Headed back to Pignano until Christmas 
Have a great weekend everyone 
If you would like to own a fab Dementia Friend badge, come & learn more on Thurs 30th Nov 
I almost resisted the urge to say: it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ' 
Preseason day 4 - really pulling together as a team
Great teams have made the work easy for us 
This is a promise fulfilled. Hard work & faith can take you wherever you trust to go. Never ever let anyone tell you what you can & can’t achieve in life. If YOU want it, GO GET IT!!! God is faithful to honor your work dedicated to him. 
Gooooood morning to all my twitter followers, today is another rainy day in scotland but that wont stop the smiles in Deaf Connections!
 GAGA get all girls active no matter what sport 
Membership celebration day is this Saturday, 25th Nov, in store at 10am. We have the current and future local causes attending and we have extended the invite to any community groups and key volunteers in Sedgefield. Come find out how our 1% helps! 
Wow. Well done all involved 
Those were the best days of my life working with my one n only thalaivan.. Ive not seen anyone more humble and caring..  For me he is always the bestest actor..  
We all know it’s great for your body but...
Hot hot news! New signings 
안녕하세요! there is a GwentMania Korea Special this sat on 
City centre training and campaigning in Deansgate 
It's happening guys 
In conversation with Jeremy Corbyn on 
 Happy b-day to tommy, I'm your fan marcoo!!! 
Hi Jenny that is very kind of you, thank you 
First run done since Cardiff half
This one is great! See a picture in front of the 
Here’s the proof! 
Thankyou BibRave for being an amazing host! And thank you EVERYONE for participating 
1M views in youtube + Facebook Trailer ThiruttuPayale 2 less than 24 Hours 
Yall, I just finished up a killer ass juke track 
A good insight into the mind of a person with autism. Read up. A little awareness goes a long way. 
Way to go Amelia! Thank you for your support 
Baked white chocolate complete with chocolate Christmas trees 
A big hello from everyone here at 
We're now on Instagram! Follow us @ victorias.voice 
You can submit music for airplay consideration on 
 advent calendar for today Sunday 4/12 is -leave a happy note for someone to find - this could be a text, a tweet a postcard through the door 
We are excitedly waiting the iGEM results. Some really incredible projects! We will be very sad to leave Boston 
I hope that this will be the last move for a while. It's exhausting & I want to stay put. I'm glad to be all settled in at my new place. 
TBT to just yesterday - Best Buddies Thanksgiving Feast, after making origami turkeys! 
 Follow my Facebook Fan page! 
And that's a wrap! What an incredible summer. Couldn't be more proud 
It's that time of the week again! 
Too thin. Too thick. How about you stfu and stop body shaming others. Love yourself so you can love others. 
 GO & ENJOY...
After waiting 2 years, tonight I finally got to see 
Great math work shop with 
Truly delighted that our film CALL ME ALVY will debut at 
So great to work with you all!  THANK YOU!
Smell the bacon!! Hope you can join us Supervalu Deansgrange today where we are tasting our Award Winning Dry Cure rashers!@SuperValuIRL 
A name that says it all. RT if you’re an EasyBrow believer. 
We enjoyed that spot yesterday 
Many thanks to those who've voted 
Probably one of the greenest place to eat in Jaipur with great ambience and food. One of my favourite for sure 
And... Dotty 0.5.0-RC1 is out!Kudos to 
WD is at DreamHack Winter! How many of our UK followers made the trip? Visit us and we'll have a little present for you! 
For those who keep asking, yes, the giveaway is international! 
 will be releasing on November 24 worldwide! Need all your support in making this a big hit
I hate drawing typography but this time it turned out just fine
Looking forward to attending our first ever  
Fresh blog post from a recent bump photoshoot on my website now! 
Had an important conversation with my mom in the car. Then 
So proud to have been one of the angels 
One of the magnificent views from our coastal walk today 
Thanks to everyone who voted for us - we are thrilled to have been shortlisted for prestigious 2018 weddingsonline Awards 
All ready for today's workshop 
9 Little Ways To Help Anxious Children Enjoy Christmas. 
Ohhhhh he JUST fits in the frame. My gentle giant of a bro 
Thankyou. See you next year 
wait til i tell him i fixed the bug and also have adhd 
Congratulations Adam! Couldn’t happen to a nicer bloke 
Fascinated to hear what IOC CEO Thomas Bach is going to say momentarily on Human Rights. I am sitting directly in front of him.
How you know your TAG PD was informative and helpful to your TAG Teachers!! PD Counts! 
Unfolding a new journey of storytelling.My next film 4 cinema lovers wth 
It was a big day testing today. Plenty of laps in the dry & some this arvo in the wet like we had hoped. 
Such a fun morning dancing with CTC CØMPANY 
Incredible support from all the cluster coaches from our 3 sites this year! Thank you so much 
My showreel watch RT & enjoy 
 are holding a Health and Wellbeing event 
Just wanted to say a big thank you to 
 just wanted to say that I used your NeroliPom Moisturiser and I think it's gorgeous..smell & texture.Great base for m/up too 
Looking forward to getting into the festive spirit tonight 
Such a great insight! How do you see more engagement there, is it more views or comments? 
In 2018: two great collections (‘Giant’ by 
Thanks to @lizchyeah for sharing this post-Sandboarding shot on the dunes 
Behold! The beautiful cover of GOODBYE, PERFECT, coming Feb 2017. Thank you to 
how ha-pea do all of these peas in a pod look! 
The ESRC competition will open soon. Get in touch with me if you want to find out about getting funding for your PhD 
Thank you so much for coming! Go to 
Just time for a quick Curcumin Latte and some light reading!  
Tune on RC Huye 100.4 FM from 6:00 PM and get to know updates on World Diabetes Day and MEDSAR Activities 
More tennis leaders trained up at 
When you receive a thank you @ work, it really brightens your day 
You were legends! Thank you so much 
27 bags of coats at Kings Cross station! This is incredible!! Thank you to the team who were stationed there today and of course the public 
Great chats at the 'Taste the Greatness' session this afternoon with 
Hey don’t forget about the R rated movies!!! Hahaha thank you Will 
Nearly got whiplash! 
There’s a girl next to me at Starbucks reading the Bible in Chinese! It’s fascinating. I love how God can speak to all of us, every nation and tongue 
Walahi I can't especially after we saw 
More of our luxury vinyl click fitted in hall and landing. Phone 01244 291900 for a free quote 
 tickets are out now people... Go grab your tickets 
You can now read our My Look magazine online 
We have a new blog up all about Cornwall's best hot chocolates (happily tried and tested by us!)
Fair warning. It is important to inform diners that 'scrambled eggs', do, in fact, contain eggs.
Turned 17 today! 
Hooray!! It's 
 We received this lovely review at the weekend. It's so nice to see people enjoying what you have to offer. 
This is the 3rd launch I've gotten to support since I started working 
I'm nominated for female para athlete of the year! Id really appreciate your vote 
I'm so glad BLUE resonates with you. Have yourself a fantabulous weekend. Onward! 
Please stick this on your Christmas lists & give it a RT if you can! Thank you 
I'm so incredibly happy to have this gallery on the BBC Wildlife website, thank you so much. 
I won the Irish Fencing Open!
 2nd favourite place to play of course...... after Dunedin
 knocks off Unionville 49-28 and is headed back next Friday night to Hershey to play for another State Championship.. told you I’ll see you in Hershey! 
 jolly nice to meet you today, your work looks awesome 
Great night of music. Played some of my new stuff and a tribute to 
"They are the best station in the world" Well thank you, R.B Morris 
Got some free time to organize our collection 
Just got my tickets to see 
Trainees in O&G looking for some advice for a career in Reproductive Medicine? See you 
Best answer to my question about non-medicine headache cures. 
Just bought ur book this morning and looking forward to it,need to do some research for Saturday 
Any changemakers looking to develop their personal brands? Let me know: 
Recorded a beautiful jingle for a Madurai based jeweller & did the voiceover as well. Perhaps my first official voiceover to be released. Feeling quite pleased! 
 anna just a small try for u ,hope u like it anna
Pictures from the commissioning of the renovated Rimin Zakara Primary School in Ungogo L.G.A of Kano State 
I want a girlfriend I can spoil 
Birmingham!! We are ready to go! Drop by our stand H100 to taste some Ballymaloe Relish
Come along to The Horse & Groom in Sudbury tonight, I’m playing 8-11pm 
Our ‘guess how many’ sweets contest winner 
Excuse me.....Let me come through 
The book is for girls & boys. Workouts and meal plans for both Male & female 
You’re very welcome - wonderful to meet you 
I love a good sale 
Waiting to see the Girl Scout float in Wisconsin 
Here's to another great week at 
Congratulations to the boys football team for their 4-2 win over an excellent Malpas team in the cup - through to the quarterfinals
SUBSCRIBERS BUY MY OUTFITS (SURPRISE ASOS HAUL) 
27 straight hours of shopping = the best savings of the year! Our sales are still going strong, so head over to Citadel Outlets and recover from your Turkey Day with some holiday shopping 
Price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it !  
I’m really excited to go to India for the first time next week and can’t wait to meet everyone in Goa for 
Early morning all ways good for us when we get up early morning we look fresh all day
Many thanks Syed. I really appreciate your support 
Fort Collins was named the fourth happiest city in the United States by 
If you know you're talented whether it's music or poetry
Not only Christmas...all year! Can’t survive without great quality, variety and cheap price veggies & fruits 
As Remembrance Day approaches, please wear a Poppy and take a few minutes to reflect on our Freedom and thank a Veteran! 
It's a good morning from Amanda, Vicky and Abbie 
Thanks to Martin & Jon from 
These ladies work so hard, lovely surprise to see Sophie & Clare from 
It's a vixen! 
Repost from alecmonopoly and we hoped you enjoyed your flight. 
Looking forward to meeting young Adam on Friday 
ITS THE WEEKEND - PUT A LEG UP - PEACE - FREDERICK CHARLES MCRAE 
And we're off.....MasterChef 2017 with 
Thank you Alex & everyone who contributed to make 
Uploading my video this week to my YouTube on how to start a YouTube channel, subscribe so you don’t miss it 
Passed through Dark Sugars on Brick Lane with Laura but too many chocolatey temptations so went to Yumchaa where they take tea seriously. Lounged on sofa for hours talking to my friend. 
Our new tea cosies are ready to serve you well Inverclyde 
I am thankful for my amazing team and all those determined to improve the health of the world. 
Keep your eyes peeled when watching Strictly Come Dancing this weekend!
 Breton cuisine: coquilles st Jacques paired w/
If you want a masterclass in effortlessly beautiful songwriting, check out 
All smiles on Nautica, if it's a sea day it's a let's have a drink day 
Proud to say PLATFORM_ is shortlisted for BTR/PRS Operator of the Year in the 
It was very noisy when the sirens went off! Thank you for having us Cricklade fire station. 
Both coming up, sir.. 
Very excited to teach a food photography and styling class tomorrow 
 2018 is coming to Houston. The Call for Proposals page is now available 
Music gives me wings! Especially when I get to play with 
Do you want to see behind-the-scenes footage of the MCCA? Follow us on Instagram! 
Aw, miss you all too! See you Friday! 
Agree. I love Scott’s philosophy of teaching, repeating and allowing students a safe space to ask the same question again and again if needed.
Having a lovely busy week! Had a great time at 
happy friday to everyone, except 
 Thank you everyone for your retweets & support this week. Have a GR8 weekend! 
This makes us so happy! 
I'm happy today.....my man is on his way home!!!! 
Morning all. Enjoy your Sunday 
Enjoying a chilled lunch time gig 
After two years of waiting , we have finally made the national press 
Our driver is on the way to pick up another generously given donation.
Loving the lighter evenings, a few extra hours 
The latent phase can long! Remember to rest, eat and try a warm bath. Call triage if you need some advice about when to come in 
I nearly didn't recognise you with your new hair! 
Congratulations to the boys football team who won the Danny Jones tournament today. They won all five games and didn’t concede a goal - they now qualify for the Cheshire Finals next year
Thanks for a lovely evening every one Well worth the trip especially seeing lots of smiley 
We can't wait for the flagship 
If you go down to the Crawford today...Good morning 
Oslo Court makes for happy birthdays and newlyweds 
 thank you for your timely delivery services & putting a smile on 1 face 
Join us in Wishing the talented playback singer, 
What a great result today. Really proud of my boys today.  2-1 winners over league leaders and a good side 
What are you having for brunch ? We are enjoying 
our children were doing this in the forest today-it doesn't need an outcome or a tick in the box does it? 
You can't win 'em all. But you can win some! News to follow! 
HOME. A cup of decaf tea and a hot water bottle as I do show reports, rehearsal notes and call time emails. 
When you see your people signing up to give blood 
Great job, team Willow 
Hi Ria, welcome 
Had a great time on stage at the Canvas Laugh Club. Thanks 
Thanks a lot Seerat. 
He's the star of Channel 5 
Lovely comment to greet us this morning on our FB.. 
Q: if one gets old and die on 
That’s lovely to hear! Thanks for getting it out there 
So pleased Philip McMichael is coming to Newcastle! This is an important seminar. See you there 
Really enjoyed keynote speaking at the 
Season 12 coming soon on EBS! Like & share my FB official page TechTalk With Solomon & make it 210K followers 
On this day 234 years ago, the first ever manned hot air balloon flight took place.While we don’t have a picture of that historic day (21st November 1783), here’s one from the weekend over Milton Keynes instead. 
We'll definitely think about it! Thanks for joining us for it! 
Thank you so much, Meg! So pleased you love our products! 
Amazing news Conor, well done! You are a star and thanks so much for supporting people affected by dementia! 
Hooray!! Lots of love for the winners from this year and prior years! 
Forget the countdown to christmas, it's 28 sleeps til my next visit to 
Good morning ppl ! 
Top of the league well done boys
If you plan on going to the game tomorrow, PLEASE ride on the fan bus. It's a safer and cheaper trip, plus we'd all show up together 
Gavin James  Busking in Grafton St  
So excited to meet the girls of Presentation school here in Tralee and the girls in Castleisland after.  
Thanks for the spin guys! 
We're going to keep the raffle 
Treat everyone with kindness and warmth. Don’t hate. Don’t be rude. Don’t be an fool. We all know how to behave decently. Be bright, be adventure, but be sensible. Aim high. Achieve and believe. You’re all awesome. Keep smiling 
It’s stunning! We have the most perfect view of the window from our cafe/bar 
Happy Sunday! I Greet you and I bring Glad Tidings 
Congratulations!! What a year you are having, well done 
Amazing Vietnamese souvenirs for kids (but adults will love them too 
October is “Employee Charitable Fund” (
Due to my very generous IBM colleagues 
It’s so lovely there! There’s a coffee shop next to us too - I could treat you next time you’re over 
Chris. I love you. That is all. 
Sending my proposal today, 
Loved "Film Stars Don't Die in Liverpool" 
Cant wait to get started and paint the winner designs! 
Great day and night with these guys at the o2!!! 
Please donate some cakes for us to sell at our 
Share the moment with family, there’s something for everyone at Golden Corral. 
I’m LIVE: Streaming Draft Brackets today 
After a few days off in Miami, I'm on my way D.C. to continue the 
Couldn't use my ticket to go because of illness, so you guys are keeping me in touch with the talks! Thank you! 
We're so happy to hear so many of you love our Organic Lavender Hand Sanitizer 
The staff in our Eden Unit, a centre for treating adults with immunodeficiency & allergies, would like to say a BIG ‘thank you’ to 
Mates
Paed Nurse Vacancies at our Fab Paeds ED 
But I’m after some different heuchera so I’m happy to find your profile 
As the saying goes Invention is the Child of Necessity (Is that how the saying goes?).This week we talk about the inventiveness of people throughout the ages and throw in a few ideas of our own. Have a listen 
Hi. I've been meaning to find the medical team who treated me at mile 19 last week. Pretty sure it was yours. Thanks for giving me the strength to carry on. I got the medal. 
Great to see Gareth getting out on the bike since organising the duathlon 
Hey Steffan, how are you doing? Thanks for your kind words 
New position available at uni in our S&C department!!! 
Happy Friday to all of our fantastic followers! Have a lovely weekend 
Congrats to the winners on the Total Points Board!
Ah thank you Sophie. Glad you like it 
Thank you so much Autumn. It was lovely to meet you too. Keep smiling that gorgeous smile. X
Looking forward to seeing progress on Friday 
Steaming Boots G was on the hill today - a short vid from Ben More and Stob Binnien.... Hoping to get my mountain fix tom
Aw - that's great!Super to see our 
T2 Clarity of purpose always improves acceptance. But gotta say neither of those rocks my particular boat. 
Our new website is officially up and running! Visit 
 tops the chart for the week! Thanks for all the love 
 It's matchday!
Free Coffee and Cake tomorrow at St Teresa's Hall on corner of Connaught Road 10am -12noon Looking forward to seeing you there 
Just found out that I've got an interview at Cambridge for English and now I'm off to the Liverpool Christmas markets with my friends, such a good day 
I'm looking for an intern to assist me w/ marketing + social media 
The sun starts earlier now, and you should too; take your breakfast outside this morning & get a head start on your day 
Wishing my onscreen dad, Ravishankar sir a very happy birthday! It was a pleasure working with him in 
Very well done to Daragh, Mark and Ciara who shared their knowledge and experience on study skills and techniques to the junior cycle students in 
Never too old or too young to play RPS Baseball! Smiles around all the bases 
Sure was fun - Especially after we got re-situated! 
New week, new ways to go at it again! Let us help you start your week with a bang! Come by @teabaagh today and and enjoy one of these refreshing coconut mojitos! Always remember : Drinks=
Thanks for taking part Stephanie! And for your lovely piece in the BFP (p26) 
Proud to say my debut album 
These covers are making me love the original more than I did 
Great 3 points today, put us right back in the mix and I know we can still up the gears on our performances 
 receives the RedFM Award for the "Best Composer" for 
Black Friday 2017: All the best deals... in one place 
Heading to Seychelles on a very busy flight, let's do this 
 brilliant organisation and enthusiastic conference attendees 
when you shoot your shot in her DMs and think you miss but then a few hours later she responds "heyyy
been listening to marvin gaye all day, its been fantastic 
33 miles until 2000 miles this year! What’s your mileage? I know there are heaps of runners who run fewer & heaps who run further. It’s all miles run.. 200 miles to 3000 miles. Faster or slower, be proud of them. 
Delighted to win the Sport Award with 
Time to feed the fish! 
Before & after shots after a very busy Autumn 
Y'all know I'm geeked out right? I love my boys 
We had a successful young writer's workshop 
Absolutely amazing magical night 
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it! Stay positive 
It's the closing date tomorrow for our vacancy for an Organisational Development Manager 
And Auntie can't wait to see you! 
Hah there's our new coffee table in 
Not my best selfie but the 'A Team' managed to deliver all the leaflets in Deansgate ward for 
We can't decide our fave, so we'll just take one of each 
Just met Aaron and Bryce Dessner and Scott Devendorf of 
Wow DA Matters is such an amazing programme. I get a massive buzz delivering it every time 
Still working hard all hours!! Multiplayer framework is the agenda this evening 
Dropping hints for Christmas like... 
 welcomed a great group of students 
It was lovely to see all your hotel offers. The spa was very tempting and dinner at Star City was delicious. Thank you 
Hey guys! Please listen to my JESC2017 song Speak Up 
Amazing perspective next to King's Cross station 
Another great example of collaboration between businesses & charities! Hope it's a great night 
Looks like a lovely spot to sit and work, Mallee Rising 
Checking out Hai St. Kitchen & Co. at our Urbanspace Vanderbilt location? Be sure to check out our neighbor @doughdoughnuts too! Burritos + Doughnuts = 
A great feeling to get our first 3 points today. A total team effort! 
Evening all! Working Saturday for me. Still not finished but letting you see this beautiful pic before another day is upon us. 
In our house, there’s nothing more important than being healthy…except maybe being happy! 
Good morning from Heathrow! Tweet us if you're passing through or require any assistance today. 
Thank you so much!!! I saw you there... 
Covering CVs, Personal Branding & Social Media with the Over 50s on 
Student Leadership Team 2017/18 
I love my Classics library! Here's how to help it thrive: 
Spent this evening watching Sully and then Blue Planet II. Totally different but both utterly incredible. 2.5h chill time, well spent 
I fu**ing love extended sets! 
24 days left! – 24 days, 24 challenges 
I loved singing on the Ivy Gate track on the fabulous Big Big Train album, residing here at no 4 on this list. So delighted for the band. 
Good day at Highworth Grammar School today! 
'Almost 4 years to the day that I signed up to the Anthony Nolan register I was told that I was a potential match. Here’s me donating my stem cells.' Kerry donated her stem cells last week! 
Sunday. Giving my weave life a short break 
Daughters of the Dust is on Netflix. 
Anyone know any good nurses?! 
Jack Ma vs Ipman, Nov 11th midnight.
Love the sea...a great time to reflect, relax & recharge...great little mini break 
The concert for Music for Galway is featured in the Irish Times! Am on my way there right now
Looking forward to being part of this beautiful city & festival
What a gorgeous Autumn path the dogs have for their walks 
Hoping to meet you soon ! 
Off to see Mum & dad... 
One of my favorite places in this city is Youthlink. Been volunteering there for a couple of years now! I’ll be back to co-facilitate Out! Group soon!! 
 and for my next magic trick... SOMETHING LEGENDARY 
Next Thursday (30 Nov) the 
Without rain nothing grows. Learn to embrace the rainy days, and let your smile be your umbrella.
such a true blessing! so excited to officially be a UNI Panther
I AM SO HAPPY WITH THIS! Thank you 
I'd love if you'd check out my IMDb profile 
Cold day for junior final 
We had our staff xmas party there last week! Food and service both brilliant! Would highly recommend. Really enjoyable night 
I think "Hallelujah" is my favorite cover song - but I do "Sunday Morning" most often 
Let's beat the Monday Blues with some happy news 
Well I'm going to give it a try. 
RT&FOLLOW us to win Tuesday's free large pizza of your choice. Collection 2day only # your nearest branch ST ANNES|SOUTHPORT|ROCHDALE!
What a day this was! Took this while watching 
Let the Christmas treat begin. Thank you 
Although the weather wasn’t perfect for a morning of filming by the 
Thanks for joining us and the fans, 
Don’t forget that if your child goes to 
She’s much better guys. Cheers for the thoughts and prayers 
We’re now on Facebook, our shop will soon be live on there! Find us, like us, when we get to 100 likes we will give away a great prize 
How interesting & happy is to feel when you see yourself on the wall of a local Restaurent 
 killed the class on Triple Threat (Design, Test, Iterate)
That's a great photo! Glad to see they are top supporters after the summer 
Need a round of golf tomorrow.....hit me up someone
Wow! One of my Autumn pics of 
So proud guys, keep it going! 
Candy canes are here ,can Betthany's group meet in the drama studio on Monday lunchtime please ,bring your lunch 
This 2017 study reminds me my first experience with whole body vibration in nursing homes in 2004 
Back in New Zealand and back in the pipe! Feeling great in my new kit 
Abstract exhibition by artist Emma Sharland featuring here at the art cafe... Drop by and enjoy with a coffee 
Tonight was fucking A W E S O M E. So many pals 
This is such a beautiful, articulate tribute to Melanie Lynskey, I had to share it... Thank you 
The city of joy & its mouthwatering food! Tonight at 8pm, I am unfolding the 
10 more days till I go to the Tower of London for the 
Came home to a pleasant surprise yesterday 
P5/6 Sharing Learning Assembly tomorrow 
Hurrah! so happy for the amazing team & all of our customers 
This has got to be the best love story ever! Congrats! 
Never compromise on #14. 
Our happy place: the 
Insane! This guy is incredible!! 
Hey Rangalo Ahmedabad, Looking forward to performing in your city on 14 oct. Hope to see you then 
Well done team!!! Delighted we could get you there and back!! 
 is such an amazing artist. Thanks to 
Didn't really want to venture out tonight...but glad I did 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone out there. From the Chasing Earhart team to you and yours, eat lots of food and enjoy each other. 
Happy birthday Jaidon! Hope it’s a great one! 
Good morning, happy “little Friday”. The sunshine is back but the cooler temps are too. Today’s high, 52°. A few quick showers will pass by tonight but they are out of here by tomorrow morning. The weekend looks nice and dry! Have a great day
 good morning lovelies walk your talk and have a lovely day 
Our word for today- ‘LIPPER’- a noun, best describing the 
Some trail action on my home soil 
Go get my favorite song I ever made, Happy Homicide 
A huge pleasure & a privilege to be part of 
Help us make a difference! We're partnering with The Salvation Army to raise money for individuals and families in the communities we serve. 
Train your mind to see the good in every situation 
Fantastic result for the girls football team in the cup competition- they beat Oldfield 12-0 - an excellent all round performance
Some females should get out of this mentality that guys should move to them first. If you're feeling him shoot your shot sis 
I’m so damn excited about this! This book sounds AMAZING. Welcome to 
It was fab to be back! It's like visiting family at Xmas (albeit family you actually like!). 
Bringing joy and positivity to  everyone around you will make you a better person and help others to have a better day. 
Kicking open the Diary for 2018 lets make next year even better than this one! Email: Zoelucasbookings@gmail.com All RTs and mentions appreciated! 
21 Bayonet Slaughters left to give away today!Can we get 5k retweets in 1 hour?
Thank you so much! Yes it is lovely! The quality is beautiful 
1st Floor Mugs are shaping uo to be the architecture nerd must have for Xmas 2017 
My talk in Gander came with an unexpected audience, but we made the most of it. Story here: (
For anyone struggling with their kid’s behavior, may I please recommend chatting w/ 
Muddy 10k this morning whilst listening to 
This is a quote.This is a quote written about this Kanaani Pri Sch parent.This is a quote we love 
What a cute (and dapper) dog with a great taste in watches visiting our 
TEN TEQUILAS (7y CA-bred G 66-starts) became an OTTB yesterday & had his 1st roundpen time in long time today. He’s a big, handsome, sound boy with lots of potential! A grandson of Elusive Quality. He will be looking for a good home soon
Congrats! Remember the days I was working at the airport - always good to be back there. 
We will be attending in 2018 we look forward to it 
Friday night single cask 
We often get asked about our name. 
Any suggestions on where to go 2m for a nice, relaxing drive and maybe an easy walk with my wee dog? I have cabin fever from being off sick!I Need nature and/or castles! 
Wet and windy midweek. 
Experienced teachers. Lots of them to reduce class sizes. Decent, nutritious school meals. Outdoor play equipment. And then tech. 
Thank you!! *smiling and laughing with glee*
It's SHOW DAY!!!!!!! I seriously cannot wait for you guys to see what we have tonight....... a bit of Deja Vu 
That’s also one of my favourites. 
David Attenborough documentaries make me happy 
Bristol Harbourside and Wapping Wharf are the perfect destination today for a bit of early Christmas shopping interspersed with coffees and several bites to eat. 
We had a great time meeting everyone today, there were so many of you! We hope you had as much fun as we did 
Thank you. Very happy to know this. Also, I hope, the sequel Finding Your Element. 
The moment we won the Best Takeaway Award in Yorkshire & Humber 
It's official, only one more week until Cantina's third sell-out Sunday Roast in a row. If you managed to grab a ticket we'll see you there. 
Friends: I have ONE ticket for the Track World Cup in Manchester Friday 10th November pm session, £53.25, anyone want? Please share 
Sorry, I've not explained myself properly. 
That feeling when you dig out the hole for your tree 
 I was excited to hear a S ask What if...? today while solving equations with variables in both sides. 
We want more mate's! Spread the word 
Excited new kit arrived from my fantastic sponsors 
We are so far out of the town centre the visitors we had, hadn’t come because of SBS but loved the idea of Buck’s Fizz cake & 10% discount when we told them so all good! 
Join me Friday 1-4pm on 92.2 Sheppey FM for Misheard Lyrics. Send a song title, the misheard lyric/s, your name and I will do the rest. 
Been a very rewarding and busy Performing Arts term
Had a brilliant time chatting to 
Here's a good reminder to keep checking those light traps folks!!Thank you for the record Simon 
Congratulations Callum, truly deserved after a brilliant year 
Streaming the 2nd round of the CWL 2K w/
Absolutely honoured to have spoken to Sir David Attenborough this morning. Life achievement unlocked 
Fabulous!!! So well deserved 
It was a great couple of days! 
Busy day shooting something that is not for college for a change!! #
That’s very kind  Pippa
Always wanted to make something like this 
If you haven't had a chance, come check out my Instagram account 
Why don't I moto camp every time I camp? Perfect combination of my 2 favorite things 
20 staff today given protection midwives, doctors , medical students , ward clerks, domestics all given their flu jabs in women & children’s by Risk & Governance midwife 
Thanks, Kevin. I forgot about auxiliaries or used as adjectives too. I appreciated 
Huge thanks to everyone who follows us and helps us spread our 
It's a pleasure. Here you go 
thanks guys! Very kind 
Had a great time with you guys last night at 
What a win, contributions from everyone involved 
HEY we've got a bundle now!Grab the Chucklefish & Friends Bundle on Steam to get a nice discount for buying all the games we've developed or published. 
This is my rather forgetful husband who fell off some scaffolding and broke his back. He can’t work for 6 months so he needs to generate income another way. Please buy one of his beautiful calendars they will make gorgeous and useful Christmas presents. 
Congrats to my Lancers on their 6th state title!! (And thanks to my friends sending me snaps of all the action tonight 
Thank you v much for following, 
I want to thank my lovely colleagues in 
Have you got a favourite Gin ? Our new menu is available 
Delighted to induct our nine Dunlop Golden boots into our Hall of Fame under the Heritage Category 
Take a look at these beauties yum yum 
Patient singing hymns on ward round this morning. Patient in bed next to her reaching over holding her hand absolutely beaming 
Well done to our tag rugby team who competed in the 
Great day on the For Honor floor. We did our first teamwide play session on Dedicated Servers! 
Wednesday inspiration! Make everyday count 
You must be really proud 
Accountability, surrounding yourself with people with similar goals, and hard work lead to success. I couldn't agree more, 
Great to have you both in store. Thank you 
Hours of Operation: 8am-7pm Monday-Friday and 10:00am-3:00pm on Saturdays and we are closed on Sundays 
Main aa raha hoon...Bhilai...Can't wait to see you all...
Red carpet ready... Meeting some friends along the way 
Star ass always up to something—I LOVE IT.... 
Oh yes people this is happening, tonight on 
The CHROME Christmas SALE BEGINS TOMORROW until Christmas! 
 I think someone heard the suggestions you kept brining up over the last week about our area corporations not stepping up to save the parade. Whoomp there it is
If you haven't already, press that 'Follow' button on my 
Stream starting in just a few hours!! Excited to play more horizon zero dawn, just need you guys to cheer me on and not let me get discouraged 
Our TIME is just as much a resource as MONEY. The message is meant for raising awareness, not pointing fingers. 
We will share with you the results when we find out on 11/15! 
Please share far and wide 
Thanks, sweet! Have a joyful, blessed and great one!
Hello people!! Good luck everyone!! The 
They really did brilliantly! We hope they are very proud of themselves, and that they will come again soon! 
FOLLOW EVERYONE WHO LIKES THIS 
Shimmy own down to the UNB ballroom from 12pm to 3pm and make your very own DIY ugly sweater! 
There are so many beautiful reasons to be happy 
Sleep out for the accommodation crisis, back gates to the back Boole gates
 hi Katelyn I'm a fan of 
Excited to be selected to represent Scotland in Paratriathlon at the Commy Games! Just have to learn to swim & run faster now 
Happy to say that we have won 1st place overall at the Ten80 NSL Competition! Everyone did an amazing job today! 
Dr Stirlingshire's Discovery won Scottish Event Award in Small Event of the Year category last night! so chuffed!! 
What a treat we have lined up this fine Sunday 
We had a lovely time at Messy Church. Big thanks to all who came and to our wonderful helpers. Blessings for a happy half term 
Won best comedy screeenplay award in 2013 and now ‘Don’t talk to Irene’ wins comedy vanguard feature award at 
It’s me plus my POP in the CELEBRITY MEN FASHION EVENT for the Kidney Foundation!! Pretty snazzy, amirite!!?? 
Come down to our Staples Corner store today for a party! Snot and other special guests will be there 
We all have stories. Love this thanks Melissa 
 you made this for my friends last time you were here in Pensacola! He was too big for it when he was born. This was just taken --he turns 1 tomorrow! 
A Deadly Game by Joanne Griffiths 
So lucky to have a great team on criminal justice at 
Up to 75% OFF at The Fragrance Shop from now until Friday 1st December! The Fragrance Shop will be giving customers the chance to shop their biggest ever discount with the Black Friday in store offers. 
12 sleeps until publication day 
Meet our new Chi Joey 
Thankful to be someone who's ignoring the new bjork album 
Happy Thankgiving everyone. Hope u all have a great one 
Thank you for visiting us today 
An incredible 9 Day tour through beautiful 
I'm sitting in listening to my ambassador friend Lucy as she tells over 100 year 5s the best thing about her life at Staffs 
Day 2 of filming for an exiting project coming soon 
Lots to be thankful for, but these ladies are very high on the list 
Hi my Name is Maryam and I make beautiful yummy cakes and other baked goods for a living 
Spence jun back from the Ryder cup raving about his day. Aaaah but it wasn't Utd v Saints son. 
High pressure job facing my daughter Aazeen’s bowling at her school. Hell, even she knows d line has to be outside d off stump vs papa!!!
Thank u for all the birthday love yesterday 
So glad you enjoyed. 
5 million people have now viewed our 
Hi everyone. NO STREAM tonight. Very sorry. Got life things to take care of today 
Our 4th Graders presenting their projects as classmates take notes 
After trying to book a place for YEARS I have finally been on the 
 has begun! Be sure to stop in for treats, and try your luck with our Candy Cane pull 
Can't wait for the season to kick off 
 perfect to re-share our Vegan Raw Rasberry nut tarts! 
A great response from shoppers out in Glasgow's Buchanan Street 
The beginning of the change we need in mental health - educating youth in schools! Thank you 
Just 10 adv. tickets left for @palmstrax next party on Friday! Grab one at 
You guys!! For every card that gets sent, $1 is donated to the children's hospital!! It takes 30 seconds, do ur good deed for the day 
Such a good episode tonight! What a fantastic 200th episode it was!! 
Having a quick drink then on our way to the 
Aww thank you Dimirt ily 
so I lost all my contacts... please dm or text me your number! Thanks!
Hey FB buds my song Falling is out today on Majestic Casual 
It's the first day of November & its middle of the week time. Happy Wednesday everyone. 
Columbus Ohio! Columbus Ohio! Y'all were amazing last night. Y'all welcomed me with open arms. Great hearing your lovely voices singing the words to my songs. Got a chance to meet and talk with some beautiful souls. Thanks for a great night and new memories. 
Next stop hockenheim! HomeGP for germany
If you're thinking of running to be a Sabbatical or Volunteer Officer in next year's Elections, come along to our next Elections Workshop!We will be joined by graphic designers who will help you to get the most out of your campaign materials. 
We have a new blog post up about exploring Cornwall in winter, have a read here
It’s here! Now everyone will know my love of Little Dude and the folks & animals over at 
The lovely Michelle Hassan from Judge Rinder 
In Paris, finalizing the last preparations for the exhibition "Army of Poets 
Congratulations Mrs Jewell. We are all very proud of you 
Very pleased to of been shortlisted for the SportsAid One-to-Watch Award!!
New video up on my channel! I used the 
Dream bike and the sun ....perfect combination 
Thank you I picked up some useful stuff this eve 
Oh, they really know how talented I am! Cute. 
Can't wait to see my Cali boys in Portland soon 
Superb! Let us know what you go for! Enjoy 
Nothing like the person in front of you at Starbucks paying for your order! 
Serving food till 7pm tonight, get yourself down here! 
Have you seen the 2017 Michigan Ross Employment Report yet? (Tl;dr Ross grads launch careers they love 
What a Céilí Christmas Party we had ...
Goodnight baby :) 
Ha ha, I won't forget, Donna. 
Black Friday? Treat yourself to a clean you deserve, today 
Happiness is... a bacon and egg brioche bun. 
Happy birthday jack!!! Hope you have a great day 
All set up for our full Discover and Explore 
A little preview of The Whispering Room now at 
 amazing job on the panel at Play Summit 2017 
Finally in my hotelroom after a exhausting day! 
Thank you SO much ladies! It was a fab night 
Didn't know we were hanging out with the future PM a few months ago. Btw - his fave B&L song is Cindy Seahorse. 
Cheer up! A new 
Piano dress reh for Cendrillon 
Green tea and sea salt foam! 
It's December, it's the start of a new month & It's Friday!! 
Thank you for the honour..it's beautiful
Our next patient participation group 
The Fish Finger Blaa 
Congrats buddy! Kid works out a lot. He deserves it. 
It was an honour to take part with you guys too. Great 12 weeks altogether. Many thanks to everyone involved 
Thanks to Swedish national radio 
Thanks, Jen!!! 
Tomato & Roasted Red Pepper is the delightful soup on offer today folks 
Full field of 80 and the weather was perfect. Thanks 
Amazon Smile is an easy way to support 
It's time for the hands-on experience 
You are too kind. Thank you for all the support !! 
Super excited to hear it! Books, chats, and friendly faces on wheels - what could be better? 
thank you so much! There's so much in the hamper I couldn't believe it. Had a great Mother's Day 
Giving one black owned business a chance to set up at the next 
Still wondering how to make your Christmas party just that bit more unique??? Get in touch if you want some quotes from one of our fab traders 
Callander PS pupils talking about the benefits of the wellbeing kitbag to HTs. 
We had such fun in Art, using a range of materials to sketch & draw shells. 
Finally watching The Handmaids Tale and totally shocked to see parts were filmed in my hometown! 
The Amur Tiger - Sadly very endangered with fewer than 540 left in the wild. We are having a huge Black Friday sale this Wednesday. It will be running for 5 days. Stay tuned guys 
I love this. Happy St Andrews Day folks 
Surely this is the place to be for the work’s Christmas do?! 
Great to spend the day behind the scenes with 
Cracking photos - you went out at the right time 
Why yes, that is a 3D model of my daughter’s brain. It was weirder when I pulled it out of my purse at work, but totally normal at home
FINAL PIECE - Eagle Owl in gouache and identification annotations in fine liner. Would love to see suggestions in the comments of what to paint next...
We are here at the jamboree opening ceremony and very excited! 
Always nice to overhear people talking about le festival, especially when they're saying nice things 
Gin (yuck)
Ooh it's on! 6th Dec at 7.30pmThe Liverpool Beer Collective Christmas party over 
Don't ever underestimate your awesomeness to inspire the next generation to be more awesome still 
 nice one for the play of "Patience" 
All the best machi!
Pleased to get this result with the K80 Supersport 
One of my students is going to be in NY 12/13 and is brining her friends to 
Why not have an interesting, educational & literature Valentine's Day in 2018? Winnie Li & 
 I just love this pic! 
Have you guys seen my new promo video? 
Stitch and Bitch tomorrow will be at COOL BEANS and NOT in the intersection (but still from 3-5) 
'No holding back here' 
So glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for visiting 
Your team makes it hard to choose but since I'm currently on break eating a snack I would go with the kitchen
A HUGE thank you to everyone who celebrated 25 years of 
Thought you'd like to see this 
Pre Christmas get together for the management team 
Rehersal tomorrow (WED!) at lunch time and P5 in E107 for Christmas lights switch on on Sunday 
Another Wednesday, another Vlog!! Check out Episode 10 below 
We’re at Uplands Market today 
Listeners! It's the fund drive 
Got the beer and the white wine in now for a weekend of snooker and football 
As thrilled and delighted as we are to receive it from you. Thank you 
GREAT TURN OUT AT MY BIRTHDAY PARTY!! LOVE MY FRIENDS
LOL! Let's all observe lobsters! 
 I Just Want To say I Just Loveeeeeeee This 
If you’re a Black teen and haven’t read this book yet, DM me. I’d be happy to buy you a copy. I can send 4 
Cyber Monday, the only Monday you won’t hate! 
Video will be out this Thursday!   But you can listen in this mix here for now 
Please vote for the equestrian team all very talented especially my niece
Selling some clothing, shoes and lingerie on Poshmark! Check it out 
Prom 2k16 with the love of my life....ME!!
Pre show preparation — watch the match on an iPad 
The boys are pirates tonight. 
I didn’t want to say anything but I applied for 
Includes details of our upcoming lecture with 
Great to see some local Malibu love on Take This Time ft 
Thank you my dear...whether I am sweet or not, I don't know, but to me, you are always a person who brings a cool breeze of joy...a person who makes me smile!
Hurry up mr slick Santa will be hear soon 
Fantastic afternoon at the last Tea Dance of 2017 
We loved having you! Come again soon? 
I have some very passionate feelings on the driving test... 
Wishing everyone a very happy and a safe Diwali ahead.
New obsession. Online shopping 
One of my favorite pictures of the walkathon. Pure happiness 
Mixology posters are here! They will ship with every order (large or small 
These marshmallow trees are perfect for your family gathering! All hands to the deck to destroy 
To whoever sent this, thanks!
" I'm from Philly where 'Let me call you back' means enjoys the rest of your day... " 
You made it!! Hope the Brits enjoyed the fritters!
Working on our newspaper reports on ‘The Blackout’ for switch off fortnight. Excellent use of the 5Ws and eye witness accounts! 
In other news the fantastic new EP from the excellent 
Beautiful day out, ride, coffee, cake, lunch. My kind of day 
WOW!!!!! Just saw this 
I love it when an online shop goes well 
Surprised my grandpa today by coming home, and he started crying...
Good news: our bread bags, coffee cups (& lids!), takeaway boxes, & baguette bags are 100% compostable 
One of my dear customers did a quick test with the new 
I am blessed with the most loyal and wonderful fans, who travel from far and wide! 
We’ve gone a bit festive 
I could watch minions with my son, Rehras all day everyday! 
Amsterdam done. Next presentation: Fort Lauderdale! 
We have a new Ram Fan of the Month for the month of November! Check our website to see if its you 
We cannot wait to see all of our PBSA scholars & families tomorrow, Thursday September 14th! School will begin promptly at 8am. 
Here we go! Grab your copy now 
Been busy today sorting out all things we like to put off. Feelin more chilled now than I was before. If you need somethin doing, DO IT! 
Just to let you all know ‘The Snow Child’ by 
Delighted to receive the highly commended accolade for the Social Media Influencer of the Year Award 
It looks lovely even on a winters day so I'm sure them 
 Full album & Trailer to be out on November 22nd. Thank you for all the support! 
Thank you to everyone who entered! Our lucky winner is: Samantha Robinson, who always turns the radio up for 'Driving Home for Christmas'. Congratulations Samantha! Look out for our next competition, coming very soon! 
I am currently up to £130 I would love to get over £200 please donate if you can! 
Proud to have travelled the long road to the Finale with both 
Awww thanks so much Tessa 
Thank youuu !! 
PGs are very welcomed too guys! 
Noooo, she's the next 
 massive thanks to your Wymondham branch ladies who were so helpful for me today. Much appreciated 
I've always loved the 1st 
Great to hear such positive feedback Sue!  Looking forward to hearing what influences and impact this has on your teams 
Front page of the Northern echo and page 16/17 of the daily Mirror 
See y'all this week!! 
Knowledge is power. Let's support preschoolers from low-income families complete their learning and break the cycle of poverty. Let's help them climb up the ladder of success with 
Want to be on our Christmas Tree? Ask at the bar and we’ll take a Polaroid picture of you that you can put up 
We believe a chilly day like today calls for a cup of hot cocoa (with marshmallows!), a cozy sweater, and our Satin Hands Pampering Set 
The big show is celebrating 
 for services to the Gumbo industry Nominations are: Rice, 
Our dog-owner guests and their four-legged friends will be happy 
Its live! Latest emag from Southfield Reservoir
Our TY artists painting Buncrana with the Christmas spirit.  No shop window is safe 
A very atmospheric picture Ray 
Big congratulations Mark from all of us 
Your Reno Bighorns have scored over 100 PTS! That means FREE Gelato from 
Hope to see you at the Santa Parade this Sunday!  We'll be there with bells on. 
 I hope it’s true you’re going into 
Love Dark Souls 1-3, Bloodborne & Demon Souls? Tune in on December 1-3 to watch some of the best players in the world showcase speedruns, races, challengeruns and more for charity, you don't want to miss this! 
Well, I knew we were pretty, but this is making us blush. 
Here at the Barking & Dagenham 
Great idea guys & a fascinating insight in to your lifesaving work. Unfortunately I see you guys far too often in my world. I’m hoping our paths won’t cross again today (nothing personal I promise 
My cake turned out pretty good 
Up from 9pm, Costa-winning novelist Sebastian Barry joins 
I’m so happy! Thank you so much!
Pretty heart-warming eh? 
Morning everyone...Decided to sell the apartment in penarth!
The (pretty boring) review for 
 You made it through last week. You are so beautiful and strong and awesome. I hope this week is a nice one 
ebay shoppers! Select St Peter's Hospice as your favourite charity and help us win vital funds to support patient care in the Bristol area 
Our pleasure! We had a great time 
Never thought Id see my art on a toilet door! 
Super! Best of luck with your study day
What a great buzz around 
Decided to put all my favorite country songs in one 
Yoo it's Mike's birthday today! HAPPY BIRTHDAY MIKE!! 
Camp Quality fundraiser....8am ‘brrrr’ wharf jump dressed as a Kiwi biscuit! Any guesses?  
Something Right is finally released today 
Join us for brunch from 10am-2pm,  supper starting at 5pm, or desserts and coffee somewhere in between 
ON SALE!! 
New post up on 'By Gabriella' & it's about happiness 
Can I make it so that James Earl Jones is reading the narrative in my head? 
We're now closed till spring.  The exotic border is still full of colour and have flower buds on the tree dahlia
Thanks for another lovely writeup! Looking forward to Part 2. 
You look years younger. DDP gets a lot of credit, but you have to take credit too, for your resilience and commitment to sobriety. You should be proud not only for yourself, but of yourself. 
I'm out in Pretoria visiting Union Buildings. Special moment spending time at President Nelson Mandela's statue and watching families and small children (and me) excited to take pictures with this icon. 
ARCH TRAVELER made it safely to Miami, now on van to Ocala with NOT TOO SHABBY, MR SHADDY & B.J. DIABLO for a rest
As fellow holders of Stage 1, many congratulations! We are working towards Stage 2 
Out today: a very different kind of post. Would love to hear your thoughts 
This looks like a thing...
Great day today - morning spent with 
Why thank you... I shall do a cartwheel in gratitude 
We'll be posting info on the travel & accommodation packages soon enough. Stay tuned & welcome to Rusinga Island. 
Joe at Joe’s is waiting to serve you delicious food 
I have and will post outtonyou tomorrow: your other finalist certificate for the - supportive employer (<50) Award!  
Finally sharing my third and final look from 
Liverpool are a joke . When will he learn this team can't defend. Whole nation can see it : baffling. Ah well . Pass me the jellies again 
The garden city beckons .. Off  to 
Stocksfield Striders Arran relay has started, it's going to be a great day 
Hello - do you have the right background? Come and work with my team at 
Time for some MITEY Monster Munchies! VEGEMITE popcorn - scarily delicious and perfect for Trick or Treat 
 this year will be held on Thursday 30th November from 5pm till 8pm. 
Don't forget, lower entry of £2 if you follow us on Twitter or bring a flyer 
Lets Chase the dream having a day at the beach
That's made my day thank you x
Thanks a lot to YOU!!! And even though we don't celebrate Thanksgiving here I wish you (& all who read this & celebrate it) a happy Thanksgiving!!!I love the 
Happy half term! Have fun, stay safe and come back with fully charged batteries 
Looking for a place to scuba dive this weekend? Bryan and Rob dive Chesil Cove in Dorset. Please share 
Had this during the week, soooo nice 
Some of my jewellery that is taking part in the current exhibition at 
Superb concert tonight. Especially the Vivaldi Four Seasons. David Le Page mesmerisingly brilliant 
Everyone go see my good friend Felise in her showcase at Performing Arts SA. She's doing amazing scene work with the great Paul Tinder
This Wednesday at the Welfare, Eugene Cross Park, pop along for a fun filled and informative evening, and of course some magic! 
Lous and the Yakuza has blown us away - what a voice! Check her out right now - you won’t be disappointed 
Here's what it looks like when you encourage your MSP  to attend Parliamentary screening of 
Meet the cast of our Aladdin Christmas Pantomime 2017!Tickets on sale now 
Good morning! Happy Saturday! We are here until 5pm to answer your tweets
Pleasantly surprised to be in the running for favourite Family Day Out in the 
It's finally here. My new ad campaign with 
This is a great idea! P5/6 in 
It's an understanding that A candle looses nothing by lighting another candle 
Good luck from the KCS English Department to Sarah Fitzgerald,2A5, who is doing the book review section on tomorrow night's 'Toy Show'
Always so much to see in the sets for 
Thanks to BB&T for coming to talk to our Pottstown staff about how to better manage their finances! Now we can also share this information with our friends, families and clients! Muchas Gracias 
Thanks Carleen x feeling good to share... 
Well I'm no numbers guy, but with 15,000 tickets sold for 
JUST LIKE YOU BB 
It's about to start in just about 40 minutes!
Piano & Sax in the Urban Room today! 
Bought my Christmas tree this morning. Coming to see the Big Switch On tonight. Feeling very Christmassy today 
Happy thanksgiving to all my American friends 
Gave one of the lads my copy because he wanted to look at the Strictly tour offer 
I can say the same about you. You = Awesomeness! 
“Hello, my name is Tyra Eubanks and I am 17. When I leave here I want to study Animation at College. I would say to all women, stand up and defend yourself.Too much disrespect caused disagreements and violence. We as humans can do better.”
It was one Hela of Thundrous Night 
I don't know what I do without this young lady
The best feelings come from giving back to others 
Amazing! Thanks to all who donated! 
Thank you for making our beautiful library a reality
Say hi to “Atlas” 
Night all. Thanks for a good laugh on 
Extremely busy day in sweetie shop, lots of customers venturing down from 
Fear finds the glance of meditation of beautiful that it simply opens itself and starts walking gracefully on the path of love.. 
Here he is! Meet Nanook, our new six week old snowy owl chick! Super excited for him to join the team 
Those car selfies though. Hope everyone is having a good Sunday! I’m relaxing and planning fun things for streams this month. 
Good morning to everyone getting up bright & early for today’s 
I will... One day... 
Making a difference at scale & pace. Brilliant work everyone, let’s keep it going 
Here it is! I put up the first review on my YouTube channel (which I didn't even realize I had 
Honored to be honored. Can’t wait to see everyone... 
Incredible teammate and person, well deserved 
Yes!! My class if half off today if you're in need of some Fine Art education. 26+ hours of content, bonus materials, and basically my entire heart and soul 
Now that is very exciting!! Something to look forward to on Monday! 
I think we people with dementia did ourselves proud at this years UK Dementia Congress 
Our beautiful Winter Exhibition opens today! Looking forward to seeing you 
Tonight is the night ladies!! Come to BCM for an awesome spa night with great friends 
We ran out of space guys so there’s a New Pop Up Shop Location 
thx so much! Raider Pride, huh?
Good news, everyone - we're on 
Hey guys! RT this post for me please because u are all amazing and I'll be very happy.  
Help us wish a VERY happy birthday to a woman who helps keep Kalitta Motorsports on track -- our Team Manager 
My dad & my brother both had Duffy first goal scorer, 29/1.... 
Happy Labor Day! 
Sydney! Hi! Here until Monday 
Our ciabattas are ready for the lunch rush!! They look especially delicious today. Thanks Rob for your hard work. 
Good start at the omnium here in Manchester. 2nd in the scratch. Three disciplines to go 
INTERVIEW: The Rave Generation catches up with 
All donations made via wish list will come directly to NNU via 
Front pages like this are the best start to the week 
Ahh thank you! We're just glad to share what we do and hopefully encourage others to involve young people in their work 
Thanks for the follow, I’ll return the favour 
How fantastically festive & fab was that?! Loved 
This is so lovely. Happy children. 
Just 10 adv. tickets left for 
Well now it is green! Wa laga shaqeey! Its time for people to eat some mango from Mudug 
Calling all unpublished authors...this competition made my dreams come true 
Looking back through some old pics!.. 
Groundworks are nearly complete, we're looking forward to lifting the 1st steelwork next week and welcoming the children on site to watch 
Happy Birthday Kishore Garu 
Don’t forget to nominate 
New totes - what do you think? 
A huge thank you to Helena 
Lots of oat milk in, come and get it, 
Special one-off live show 
Absolutely delighted, privileged  and  v honoured to receive the first Annette Bartley Scholarship for Nurses! Thank you 
Congratulations!! Here's to another 10 and more! 
One of my Entries in tonight's Open Competition at the Camera club 
Hey guys, just wanted to share my lovely lady’s illustrations 
Our Christmas Collection off to a good start thanks to our wonderful volunteers. We are at Tesco Sealand Road 
I am sure you have done a fabulous job again with 
All set up on Langton Place! Come and say hi! 
Having our customers return to us over the years is a real testament to our team! Thank you Catherine 
Have you submitted your entry for the Great British Market Awards yet? Most categories close this THURSDAY.There's still time. Do it now.The judges look forward to receiving your application 
It's been a little gloomy in Edinburgh these last few days, but we secretly don't mind because it just gives us an extra excuse to colsie up in front of the fire 
You know what's awesome? Growing up to the point where you don't see the value in arguing with anyone about ANYTHING anymore. You just know what you know, and that's okay. 
Where are you taking your Kobo eReader this Winter holiday?
Next in our 'Meet the team' mini blog series... meet our newest web developer, Ben 
Here's some Pan Ron for ya! 
We look forward to seeing you Vikki! 
Tomorrow is the deadline for anyone interested in becoming a blogger 
Anyone interested, please get in touch 
Thank you for coming - and very happy you felt safe 
Delhi firecracker ban had no impact, say STUDIESDedicated to MIAN Lords of SC & GOI which recommended the ban
Finally back mixing. What songs should i include in this next mix? 
Happy 2nd Birthday to the greatest dog in the world and my best friend! Thank you for shedding all over the place and always cuddling 
Pls RT. Introducing 
30 Announcements in 30 days | Day 1: Welcome to our new sponsor - The Hair BunkerWe’re sure a few of our players may need a haircut before the next season 
Well done to our wonderful team who were shortlisted for the 
Don't forget to vote for Intersport 
Woop Woop! We’ve been successful in 
We have been shortlisted for the top 10 Digital Innovators - Celebrating the UK's most innovative digitally-led companies today.Please vote for us (and 9 other of your favourites) - for us to be in with a chance of making the top 10. 
We'll be in the new community room tomorrow so year 6 can prepare for their Menai adventure in the hall! Please come to the side gate 
Glad Hyderabad Metro is being enjoyed by all sections of peopleGHMC workers have also enjoyed it today 
When your two loves combine in the most pawsome way possible: puppers and politics. 
I got two candy cane grams from students!Aww, you guys...
And yes, the baby dino, also known as the baba-squid, really is a confirmed best boy 
It’s been a crazy, busy travel season. Excited to be on the road back home to see my ladies. 
There's still time to enter our Facebook competition! Head over to our Facebook page and get involved for a chance to win a bumper family prize 
Good things happening with great people. 
Hi, Boston! This is TODAY! 
That's so great! A fantastic piece of advice as well 
Popcorn blended with coffee, milk & ice topped with whipped cream & butterscotch drizzle. Get yours now at 
Heading out on this lovely Saturday evening. 
So great to meet you too Carl.  Thanks for the support. Really appreciate it 
Thank you! I’m so excited 
We’re “driving” on cloud nine—this fabulous donation raised $42,500 at 
 - 4.27.2018 - for more info follow 
PLEASE RT! We're on the lookout for a baker/pastry maker who can manufacture our gyoza wrappers. Any tips welcome 
VIP all the way can’t wait 
We also have several carol singing events and more to come 
Having hair therapy.....And relax...... 
Final version of graffiti work from the TRAX group. Thanks to Dan and Gail
Happy founders day to the ladies of 
I had a new year resolution of making one million naira before 2017 ends.So far I've not done badly.It's remaining one million naira for the money to complete 
hey guys, am open for PORTRAIT COMMISSIONS: you,family & friends, book characters...black ink (bust): £33+p&pdigital colour (bust): £55custom stuff available too just askdm me 
Thank you June! Absolutely lovely to see you 
Morning well spent Updating 
Have a fantastic stream and of course most importantly have fun 
Thank you! She gives some perspective about how big and beautiful they are 
Thank you Michael, was lovely to have you with us at 
Good morning everyone.
Well done folks - proud to be your mentor 
I will b playing Peter Pan 
RT&FOLLOW us to win Thursday's free large pizza of your choice. Collection 2day only # your nearest branch ST ANNES|SOUTHPORT|ROCHDALE!
Flashback to the last one ... good luck to the EMCC Football Team as they play for their 4th Natty today! Have fun out there! 
Two Save the Dates for August 2018 already 
Lots of Racing this weekend! 
Please full this in Mull people 
Roses and Rose Buds party 
Yesterday we received a visit from Canal Sur, a Spanish television company. They got the chance to know a little bit more about what we do here at Freepik and take a look around our offices. Thanks for stopping by, it was a real pleasure! 
Save the date...Peugeot Festival ‘18 at Prescott HillJuly 1st 2018Hope to see you there 
Going to create a thread for my mixes. 
Another day another throw 
Hello guys,I present to you my debut project 'The Magic In The Ordinary.' I sincerely hope you enjoy it, and once again, thank you for the love and support all these years. Enjoy 
Some of our grads share their reflections from the day 
2 years ago today up at bleakholt_animal_sanctuary with one of our lovely residents 
Brunch w/Bae today!
Making happy memories and challenging ourselves in the canoes this morning 
Did another cover, this time it was Shape of You by Ed Sheeran! Let me know what song you'd like me to cover next! 
Hi,I'm looking for back to school books for my 4th grade class that teach GRIT&diversity any advice? 
 Good morning to you! Thanks for sharing your marble love gertrudetornvall 
So excited to release new music tomorrow 
The Graduates' Teaching Award goes to Dr Laurent Galbrun from Architectural Engineering 
What a great night put on by rolex for the 
Lovely to see some old friends this morning! What a great group  
Acoustic Sessions is back tomorrow with another round of amazing artists for you to discover! We also have open mic slots available - get in touch if you'd like one. 
They're goin in ur room if you keep them 
Our morning starter in Y6 today was to revise and edit a sentence from yesterday. Vocabulary wheels are ongoing to support the process. 6B can't wait to share their final pieces with you! 
Hope you enjoyed the show! 
We only serve the finest coffee here in 
Great to hear this Sylvia, thanks. Hope you enjoy our new store at Staples Corner. 
Hey all something I've been cookin' up for months is now live 
Great news, our chocolate is available to sample today from 12.00-15.00 
My new website is now live. Dedicated to the world of big and tall fashion, and helping giant dudes everywhere find a new sense of style. Please take the time to visit 
Goodnight LA.... happy to be home 
Happy birthday Julia! Ur finally 12!!
While hunger is a serious issue, our community of 
I love the Green’s! 
Looking forward to it! Ask me anything book/publishing related 
Your stuff is soo cute! And really affordable!  :) can't wait to grab some tribal print tops and accessories 
So proud of all these guys working with purpose! I can't wait to see what we deliver 
Winter is coming, make it more interesting! 
PMQ's station going down well... more time for playing with kit in the break 
Spending the day with this little princess
Brilliant show bursting with energy and fun and great talent! We absolutely loved it! 
And then my legs whispered to me...”there’s nothing wrong with another rest day.” So I listened. 
Can't blimmin wait! The show was phenomenal last year, can't wait to see it in Manchester again in Jan 
I dunno who did this video . But, anyways thank you so much appreciate it a lot 
Yes I did and it was amazing. Next time we will march together Anita. 
Want to customise your Hyundai Tucson? Mr & Mrs Burham did. Thank you for your custom and choosing SG Petch 
Only 50 RTs more common guy! 
 Rarely one of d best trailers that told in neat content orient cuts & sure it'll grab d opening 
Here we go! Exclusive unreleased teaser from 
As we are getting to 40% places booked of the 2018 
Hey Turkish friends, this is for you 
That was you, Clare!  Great Geography Teacher. Now blush! 
Happy bday pretty!!
Get your tickets, everybuddy!! Truestory for reals I wanna see you there, K? K!! 
We are chuffed with ourselves to have won 'shop layout and design' award 
Kevin told me I was the cutest girl at the dentist office
Starting The Good Wife all over again pleases me greatly 
 this!Thanks for sharing Rodrigo! 
We’ve decked the halls! Come see our reindeer friends and over 4,000 twinkling lights. 
You don't have to be extreme, just be consistent 
All set to make it to the Event in London Along with my Son Vineesh 
Morning Tweeters...it's fresh outside today...just right for a morning run 
The good news keeps on coming... Congratulations to Stephen WJ, a fully signed off J2S Starter 
Thanks for stopping by today Mayor Gillum! 
Just sit on my face already. 
Friendship updates are due!! Please get them in ASAP 
Processing means separating and buching together blooms for our beautiful flower peeps. Wednesdays are the best days. 
Sounding absolutely beautiful; thank you so much 
An ode to the beautiful sunny morning of Leh. And yes Leh you hold my love! 
I’m so proud of this guy 
It was the only place we could! We left it so last minute and everywhere else is made to order - thanks for the help! 
We've been busy making some delicious cakes on 
Another good day at the office 
 ...it’s been good! Now on 
I'm a little bias since I used to work there (
Superb mini-show tonight Alan 
On the way to Manchester to film 
 Great experience at Maidstone Hospital this morning, fantastic staff and seen so quickly 
Hi There, My latest musings, I hope you enjoy them 
Posting some step by step gifs 
How’s everyone doing today? 
The team were amazing, thank you for joining us 
All of my enamel pins that are for sale on my website/etsy 
How cute is this miniature poinsettia that I got yesterday in 
Hey..... come to Cedar Hill 
Everybody's favorite ass-kicker 
Relax time at Balaton lake 
The Three Amigos reunion, 30 years on. Haven't changed a bit!! But I did have a few gins!!
 today! Bit windy but no rain yet! Come and try some sauerkraut and pop in to the Science Festival 
In recent years we've made brilliant progress towards protecting our seas with Marine Conservation Zones
It's just too easy to make me happy.  
A closely gaurded secret held by curry lovers is now out 
Very impressed with my goodies for Lexi, thanks 
Angela's on the move! Congratulations again to Angela! 
Come and take a look at our Christmas window celebrating the festive season and the fact that we are 5 tomorrow!!!! We'd love your vote for best dressed window and you could win a prize. See 
I would like to create a business with my blog and make some friends while I'm at it. 
 Russian envoy Nikolay Kudashev tells my colleague 
We've reached our first 1000 downloads!! Thank you for downloading the NEW Safeboda app!Tell a friend to tell a friend to download the app
When a board member shows off for Hunger and Homelessness Awareness Week! Thanks to some generous friends and family, these 66 bags are going to make people very happy (and full!) 
Ashlyn Cherie Smith has arrived! 
After an amazing and surreal evening on the TV last night, it’s straight back to gigging, and this morning we were warming up the runners for the 
Well said. We’re big advocates of regular fasting! 
He always manages to put a smile on my face 
Follow my blog on Bloglovin so you will never miss a post 
I’m off to enjoy the rest of 
The Utopic Slush Afterparty starts at 10pm! While waiting, you can grab drinks and food from Ala-Galleria in Messukeskus 
Had the best day selling my stuff! I appreciate every sale I made today so THANK YOU EVERYONE!! 
Retweeted Miss Dolman (
Did someone say follow friday. Go check them out people 
What % of your life do you waste caring about what people think? How about spending that time doing stuff that moves you towards your goals instead?Try it. You’ll be too busy to care after a while, I promise. 
Wow, new wedding venue for us to be exhibiting at! So looking forward to this! 
. . and played cricket for 
Happy Friday!!!! 
How lovely to get a mention in this incredible interview w. West End & Broadway director 
Received this handwritten note today from some happy customers. 
Y8 High Flyers this week. Very proud of these! 
Thought of the day at Crewe railway station 
Important info here kinderhawk parents 
If you're thinking about studying 
Gareth Eales for Northampton South - it’s great to have such strong support 
“Advent is a time to prepare our hearts to receive Jesus.” 
Do what inspires you!  One step at a time, one day at a time - just keep moving forward. 
Glad you had an awfully good time! 
Just wanted to tell ya 
Books I read in November 
Our favourite Hampshire view captured today 
Switching hats from club & country is  hard ... Never get time to fully relax & enjoy ... tonight however ... I’m still here : 
Watching 8th graders walk onto a HS campus while the HS Ss cheer for them is both inspiring and fun...their faces! 
Celia Peerless is Scotland's BBC 
Feeling hot hot hot will never be quite the same 
7 habits of lucky people:1 wake up early2 complain less3 teach others4 roll with change5 be on time6 kindness7 stay positive 
WIN 10 FREE LUNCHES at our new market 
I’m one of the featured Pros of the Week in the BBC 
Our online auction started today at noon and runs until Nov 14th at noon.  Check out the link to snag some fantastic items!! Thanks for your support!! 
Vincent group Christmas is in full flow!!! Thanks 
Our volunteers keep us on our toes! 
Here’s a little snippet of ‘Tell Me It’s Not True’ From 
There are leftovers! We will be testing through 4th period in the library, but come by after that! 
Nice companions! Cycloops & 
Thank you, we aim to please 
New music coming out next week! Who's excited?! 
 hello, I wonder if u could RT? We r an am dram group performing A Christmas Carol at the 
We're having an excellent afternoon at the 
I feel very WARM when I watch this! Congratulations to u both..looks real..hope it is 
I love it when braids start to get a bit old and natural looking 
Thank you! Bringing the award Dorset way today
Great competition with our friends at Metcalfe's skinny 
My daughter had the privilege of playing last night as part of the County Youth Orchestra. That performance & piece of music is something that will stay in the memory for a very long time. Thank you 
THE BEST FOUR MONTHS OF THE YEAR START NOW! HERE WE GO FOLKS! 
 thanks for this, by the way!! 
Calendars now available for pre order 
Happy Diwali to everyone, spread the joy, enlighten your surroundings, make someone smile 
Thanks Kenny!!!! 
Only up side of my crazy boyfriend wanting to food shop at half 12 is I get yummy midnight snacks
Best text to get! Portsmouth keeps getting my blood! 
Oh look! I'm on Product Hunt! 
 just voted for you, good luck 
Aaw thank you, Tim! That's very kind 
It was a lovely evening on Saturday! 
End of term in Ibiza. Many bright young people complete their final 12 hour shifts ,some preparing to move to erotic climes for winter. 
A good friend of mine is involved in the organising of this lovely event in aid of an important cause. If you're around do pop in 
 primary care patient safety collaborative with 
Right on Mike!! Thanks for being a great advocate and supporter. 
Guess what?! It’s November and it’s almost Thanksgiving!  Make sure you stock up on the best tasting 
My 1st ever 3D printing related YouTube video is now live 
So one of these "corporate beggars" tried begging me for money today ..I saw him holding a bunch of money and started begging him till he gave me money ....the beggar became the begee...I'm so proud of myself 
Working on putting together a vlog from the last few weeks! Should be up soon 
The biggest best wishes to 
Let’s show DC how we do Romance!! Hope to see you there! 
Phone call from Mam... "you're on the telly again tonight"...! the infamous Hebridean Way... off road as much as possible of course 
I loved performing in Tonbridge at the fantastic 
We're hosting a pre-Christmas inaugural diversity event at Zopa HQ on the evening of the 12th Dec. If you care about women in (fin)tech, come along 
Which one will you Visit today? 
The Christmas shop is open today until 4pm if you feel like a midweek treat 
We urgently need to raise funds to support more employment opportunities for people with Down syndrome. Please donate what you can to 
Tough day with close games but managed to qualify for quarters tomorrow at 8.30 against Kim 
Black Gold (8a+/5.13c). 
Gave up giving a fuck and my life got better 
Let’s start the week with a smile 
Escape the cold tonight with a hot bowl of OG Duck Chaufa at Baro! Walk-in tables are set aside 
23 days left! – 24 days, 24 challenges 
On my way to the theatre to see Aladdin with 
I feel dumb doing these videos but its worth it so 
Yeah! We are featured on 
This is the dress I'd have worn if I'd made it out tonight! Dress by 
We're super chuffed to have WON the Swansea Bay Tourism Awards category of Best Activity Provider! Thanks to all our passengers and our fantastic crew 
I would certainly recommended 
Remember to register before you leave! It only takes 5 minutes 
Thanks for the wiggly great show 
'I love the way you're always there to listen to my problems'Take the time today to tell someone special something you love about them 
It’s the little things in life
We're excited to able offer 
LET'S THINK ABOUT SOMETHING POSITIVE! Tomorrow is Friday afterall 
Go for it, my sister made this one too 
Emma-jane Robertson Nurse leader of the future telling of her love of the NHS 
U N A P O L O G E T I C 
Streaming some custom zombie pubg. 100 slots available so come play 
Nice visiting my old school 
Great day learning new skills at 
One of many engaging workshops from 
Oh, thank you Helen. I shall add these to my list of books. Enjoy your day too 
BA Film Studies Year 1 getting their podcasts on 
We're caught....well captured too!
My next concert is incredibly important to me. Please come along if you can. Please share this little promo too. Thank you. 
Minneapolis tonight!!!Few tickets left 
Yum, just tried the Crab Louis at at faves 
Good character is what you Do, not what you say you’ll do - there are ways you can help yourself to ensure you are doing what you say 
So proud of all schools in Dundee who have started on their 
Y’all know this don’t make no sense...  Georgia Dome gone!  Astrodome still standing
Sorry if we didn't get to reply back to all your tweets but we appreciate them all! 
Any photos of group 2 today please 
This fab community-led park on our doorstep in Brixton / Stockwell is in trouble and needs your help! Please take a minute to lend a vote 
I’ll be on this FRIDAY 10/27 8pm ET talking Top 10 Hail Mary’s 
A real honour to speak tonight - thank you for inviting me 
We’re working on a new neighbourhoods feature and we’d love you to tell us - what makes Glasgow's Southside great for a tourist or visitor to the city? 
we’re opening a rooftop street food café in just a few weeks time - with fresh homemade food for vegans, vegetarians and meat eaters. please give our new facebook page a like for more info 
... and the nightshift have arrived. Looking smart and fresh and raring to  pack 
sounds interesting- good for community relations! Watch this space people 
The Mana Choir partake in singing during our Chapel wedding today 
 is spell bounding. Great attempt! All the very best 
You literally have to be number one and that's what 
Food from Wrapture, film, music and drink tonight in Shipley 
'Bristol's first salt beef bar is open - and it's truly wonderful.' 
Good morning friends! 5 more stages to go 
Thanksgiving vlog is up! Had such a great time with our family! 
My babies & I! Summer is here! 
Just a tad on the nippy side again today folksBe sure to cover all your bits up 
Have a relaxing Afternoon Tea at The Albany. Call us on 01475 866100 to make a reservation 
Thanks United Nations for telling my story from journalism to 
Whu-Wei is back at it again! Such a great artist. I can't believe how well they got 
Who says the tide isn't turning? Roomful of 
Make today day one 
Glad you guys enjoyed it Steve! 
Lego time in Year 4 
 - "I was having so much fun on the Marathon de Sable". 
 William Morris murial project underway by class 5C, looking good 
Happy birthday Kushboo aunty. My favourite actress. Have a great day. Keep smiling
This morning’s run took me to over 1200 miles run of my 
Our guys and girls are gearing up for the biggest night in the Impact calendar! Make sure you know where to view where you are 
I second this! Best of luck to all boys who have their auditions this week for the 
We’re so lucky here in Leamington to be surrounded by so many wonderful small & indie businesses. Make this Christmas super special and 
Book just got delivered from Amazon. Can't wait to read to my kids tonight. 
That first step should be much bigger and higher ones more shallow to encourage All to climb the first and then start running up the rest. We can do it... you have just got to take that big first step
Absolutely lovely to connect. In a former life was RGN major head and neck/orl, so we have more in common 
Some Saturday sunshine for you from our friends at lily_ptrc 
yay!! really such an honor 
Happy Friday! Even if you haven't reached 
Just received this lovely book from 
A is for ACCESSIBLE SERVICE! We offer our services in Kirklees and Bradford and also have an Outreach Team! See our website for details 
Love doing and teaching partner yoga... It always adds so much more to the practice and makes it more humbling. 
Happy birthday to my favorite person in the world 
This is our Thorncombe room. It is available tonight & tmrw. Give us a shout on 01297489215 if you fancied a last minute break by the sea 
Happy Birthday Mik!! Miss ya lots, come back and see me soon!
If i have played ya tune on my 
Thinking of designing some necklaces and beanies 
Team Canada Women's Soccer beating Germany is "what's happening!" Go Canada Go! 
Really was such a pleasure to be involved! 
Hugely proud to be publishing the Secret of Vesalius today! It was sold in eighteen countries worldwide, and now the UK is ready to discover the secret . . . Congratulations 
Just over a week to go for our next competition
@Mat6453kicks of the stories of inspiration session 
Choir 77 has arrived safely in Dallas, Texas! 
Could I possibly trouble you for a little re tweet? 
Soooo excited - 4 days to go! Joining a team of balloon artists helping to decorate for Great Ormand Street's Xmas Party 
Playing with texture with @martinatolot_photo 
Opening ceremony - done! Can't wait for the rest of the 
If YOU see this & care about PEOPLE & PLANET, please add your SUPPORT to the BIGGEST live thunderclap ON EARTH using 
Good to be back & score today
Welcoming visitors from Gloucestershire Hospitals and 
Thanks Mike! Just now catching up. He uses a cane, but is still very mobile. Does all of the cooking for he and my grandmother 
Just told my auntie we're going to see 
The always cool, always hip 
Hey guys! Going to use this account to follow you back & chat with you all, join in on group DM's etc 
2/2 ..... Minister Philpot 
It's beautiful Megan 
Catching up with my girls in the big smoke this weekend. See you soon ladies 
At 3 PM CET today you can order your copy of Crystal City. No preorder, will ship immediately. 
We're really happy to hear this 
The daughter of one of my colleagues has made this site as part of their college course. Still a work in progress, but please take two minutes to visit it? They need traffic 
Great news for the Isle of Lewis yard 
Happy St Andrews day 
Proud to sponsor such a fantastic initiative. Congratulations to 
Your life is a beautiful gift, a blessing from above. My wish for you is simple, may you always feel loved. 
Great to meet you last night Vincent! Glad you enjoyed the film and thanks for your amazing feedback & comments! Wishing you all the best in your future endeavours 
Thank you! And it was fantastic to explore a whole new side to Bandon 
Small, steady dietary changes can help you feel like your best possible self. 
Arrived safely in Northern Ireland 
For those of you asking to add me, here’s my Friend ID 
Missed the live stream? Replay it here 
Good grief... this is awesome! 
Delighted that award-winning gardener & broadcaster 
Calling all new members! Join us tonight in Baker Ballroom to catch up with your Rho Gamma group! Good times are guaranteed & refreshments will be provided - Hope to see you all there 
Thank you and thanks for taking some great photos for me to remember it by 
Thank you to the boss Lindsay Smith for putting me on, thrilled to ride a winner for the team 
Joined the craner curve club yesterday caught out by a cold tyre unfortunately stiff and sore today nuttin broken thanks for all the texts 
Booked going on the 12th third year in a row 
Age is a state of mind. 
Can’t wait to play in this all star game 
So much love for these guys! Still pinching myself ! Can’t believe we got to dance at The Blackpool Tower Ballroom! 
wooow amazing, handsome & lovely look distos 
Whilst our little forest voices may not be classically trained, they are certainly enthusiastic! 
3-0 3 pointsTOP OF THE LEAGUE 
Can’t wait to have you back in our city! 
What. A. Weekend. I’m so very blessed
Dublin. Galway. Muscat. Waterford... We're a rapidly accelerating accelerator 
So much fun at the Dudley Christmas lights switch on 
Thanks Laura! Enjoyed reading it after a couple of weeks was nice to re live it again 
Loved meeting this lovely lady today!! Hope she enjoys her day!! 
How to reach a computer game convention, with Greg Heffley 
GetAwayNGetSafe was observed by OFSTED in November 2017. Amazing to be included in the school report 
 Show..ni  poa..Just  passing tru..Didge  pia jina  yako ni complicated 
Working with Colmar Sport on my new race suit. Still in the process, feedback appreciated 
We're going to assume he's talking about us, in which case, stop it you 
Westlea Primary supporting Children in need 
Cant seem to help myself shimmer and 
Happy half term everyone. 
Ooh get stocked up for Christmas! Ideal presents for hampers too 
Ending this run on a high note (no pun intended 
then we gotta make that right w/ a follow 
Big favour pleaseDoes anyone know of anywhere looking to get rid of any warehouse shelving (boltless ideally) that I could find home for 
A new post for you allllllll! 
Quiz night tickets are now on sale at Naseby HQ! Get yours quick before they all go! 
Come on down at 4pm, we’ve got beer! 
 log onto MyUTK & choose 
This is simply incredible. Isabelle, you're amazing. To include Hob Nobs. Wow 
I'm incredibly grateful for all of the opportunities I've had this year & the awesome people I've met along the way 
Fantastic cafe. Very reasonably priced, quality food and nice surroundings too! Love a meeting in Sensory Centre Cafe 
You were all brilliant. Still loving the Fish & Chip counter masquerading as a piano 
HERE’S THE OFFICIAL GIVEAWAY RULES IM SO EXCITED YALL (The gift is the T-Shirt on MerchNow if you want to take a look 
Tasty treats on Tuesday! 
Oh hey that's me! 
Love this salads plate, appropriately called "autumn bliss"! 
 helping us enjoy Friday with fabulous treats from 
Christmas Wishes by Memory Man Lucky 
It's still important to have goals and aspirations! Good to see that you know you'll reach them one day 
Glad you found the session helpful! 
I don't know who did this video . But, anyways thank you so much appreciate it a lot 
This sounds like an exciting mission - maybe some of our 
A Big thank you goes to Robert Brinkerhoff for bringing the lecture together, his thoughtful and kind introduction, and for making the beautiful poster. ￼
 will be in Clarendon this Saturday!! Remember to RSVP for our session
Oh absolutely!! 
Thank you. I was a member of the union 
What a lovely tweet! Thank you x that’s certainly made my day x 
Here's the full tune I made with 
 We encouraged Dummy to make a video diary - this is the first time we’ve seen this - 
What a lovely surprise! We are very much looking forward to welcoming you both 
Attention FUTP60 students: Make sure to log into your student dashboard to see this week's new Challenge! 
There is plenty of mental health info available out there. It’s never too late to educate yourself - knowledge is power:RCPsych leaflets: 
Well done to everyone who participated in our 
“Canadian-born artist Kristin Wilkinson has caused a stir among Liverpool supporters on social media...” 
 At the Dudenhofen Grand Prix in Germany with winner of the Men's Sprint Jack Carlin 
To see my family struggle everyday growing up and now I can help change that..YES I'M HAPPY
The way to help more people do this is to turn frm regulation & data to TRUST & presence. I know it sounds crazy in today's world. Still...
Congrats 2017 Kerry Rose Breda O Mahony! 
Whooooooooopppppppp Ladies and Gentlemen, MISSION ACCOMPLISHED! 1000 
Thanks for joining us. We can’t wait too! 
 thank you for taking the risks of discomfort you take, we learned so much from you!!! 
Good luck all! Amy & Liv at Twitter HQ 
Girls’ Football Week kicks off TODAY 
On top of providing competitive and friendly insurance,  
!! Unreal !! Number 14 on 
You can catch us on your television this Wednesday at 11pm on RTÉ 2 where we play Other Voices 
Thank u Navaneethan@navneth 
Holly Hedge Sanctuary collecting food donations. Huge thanks everyone that donated, they were so happy to take back 4 the animals.
So... I decided to build my platform and release it on my YouTube page as no one wants to help, everything was in house.. Rather than looking for a co-sign or kudos we’ve been working for a year to give you content. Help me get it to the masses & RT 
MOVING CASTLE WORLDArtwork by: Me 
The buffet is open! 
‘Cool enough for any guy’s bathroom shelf’ - thank you 
Mans universal way of showing Respect & making up 
Thank you. Feeling very proud 
I lived in Memphis for almost 15 years. 
Which books best mirror your soul?
Awesome to see you too, darlin'! Catch you soon hopefully 
“Wildone’s Christmas Cabaret Night”Don’t worry if you didn’t get your tickets at the game on Sunday. They will be available from the 50/50 table at every home game leading up to the event. £10 pp (£5 for Wild Player) 
Thank you to everyone who came to today's wedding fayre! It was such a fantastic day. We can't wait to plan your weddings! 
Always nice to see our friend 
1 week till i go Brussels with 
Getting ready to post some orders tomorrow! Make sure to order your books tonight from 
Happy children’s day 
Great 3 points to end the month, super 
An Ember in The Ashes by Sabaa Tahir 
Welcome back everyone. Looking forward to seeing those smiles and starting our third term! See you tomorrow 
Celebrate bookings now being open for 2018, we are giving you 10% discount if you book a pitch for camping & touring or a Eurotent for 7 nights or more in 2018!
The boy done good! 
This is where we are! Thank you everybody! 
 Pls RT & Be My Hero ? 
CCC fielding coach quite smug because he has drawn "Division 4 Central" in the annual CCC sweep for the name of next seasons division 
Was a pleasure to be there, hope to be in your neck of the woods soon 
They all did! Massive thanks to Ian & Brittany for being simply fab! 
Wishing you only the best in life dear friend 
Truly honoured by your kind invitation 
How to make sure absolutely no work gets done in a radio station in one fell swoop: send in savage free food. Thanks 
Derwent water looking calm & mysterious 
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear. 
We are finally off the bottom of the Premier League 
I am in no way demeaning this group of girls. I’m saying it’s their JOB to look this good, and normal women who aren’t supermodels don’t have enough time in the day to look like this! VS models are beautiful, but so is every other body type 
Bannockburn’s new P-12 looks amazing! This building site will be school kid ready for day one of term one 2018 
Plus veggie menu that's well worth your time 
I’ve never related to Nikki as much as I do now. I HATE being vulnerable and breaking down infront of people. Thank you Nikki 
I'm on Instagram, come and follow me there 
Wrapping up the week with 167 teacher projects funded through 
'waft of loveliness' is pretty spot on 
Working on how to create an opening sentence for an informative essay. Thanks Dr. McCoy 
TGIF, tonight tonight ...Wild & free
Thai-inspired canapés and cocktails at the launch of 
Are you expecting your first baby in January? We'd love to hear from you! 
5 Scouse tweets from an epic weekend in 
“Can you be my friend?My name is Deborah Mame. I’m 3 and my Favourite colour is blue.I love posing for pictures. When I am older I’m gonna have my own camera.Errrrrm my favourite drink is orange juice.”
Success don't come over night. If you fall you need to pick yourself up again and again. 
Some of the YOW team is at the OCH Partner Forum today! Thanks so much for having us 
As much as i want them to get married, These comments “Marry her already” makes him never post about Brittney in social media, He hasn’t been posting about her lately because he know everyone will comment “Marry her” I really wants them to get married but not pushed 
A vid from last night for everyone
We’re excited to see you again. 
Excellent Pithivier of borders pheasant with mustard,tarragon, mushroom and seared foie gras, 
 really clicks with audiences! Well done 
Heres my track on the 'Degrees of light' album 'Come Together' hope you guys enjoy 
Our B&B sale has extended throughout December, en suite rooms for fabulous prices £48 sgl/£84 dbl. Take advantage and visit our wonderful, Christmassy city 
We saw Diego Rivera at 
Think stair use....
Hoodie lover , Team Anthony’s Jen 
Enjoyed tonight's induction with 
What a breath of fresh air this is. Awesome song Anmol Malik! 
You are the sweetest. Thanks so much for your support 
8 yrs ago I met this marvellous specimen. Still quite like him 
Great seeing you as well!! 
Book your free ticket to the work-in-progress sharing of an extract of 
Relax and recharge! Happy Sunday you all 
Once again, thanks for the support guys. 
Cheers Rebecca!! 
That reboot must have coproduction at its essence-the design and delivery of services with service users their families and neighbours in equal partnership with professionals and providers. A challenge but very important one let's get started! 
 I wanted to show my love for your amazing show - 
Thanks Atiqah. Malaysia and India are cousin civilisations... Brothers across the Bay of Bengal! 
Had such a lovely evening! Enjoy the rest of your tour 
Flying high frm Kolkata 2 mumbai with d proud father of my fav 
Time to set a flying lap, join our 
 to The "BIG DAY OUT"  at 
Can't wait! I'm sharpening my pencils already!! 
First u20 international for GB and walk away with a PB yesterday at Manchester 
Nothing like a day out with mom 
What an amazing gesture! 
The perfect Sunday pick me up 
Thank you to everyone that has helped us in our crowdfunding campaign thus far! In 3 days we’ve raised £721k with 113 investors. 
Aw how lovely prince harry & Meghan are engaged 
I'm so so happy that you are back to films 
Our pleasure! Such a brilliant event to be involved in 
Especially now we have introduced the 6 month student membership for only £80! Includes gym, classes and 6 boditrax sessions. Join online 
5 of The Most Expensive Christmas Presents Ever. Feel free to buy us any of these 
Guys don’t forget to tune in 
Mr Harvey will be happy - hey 
Exercise with family & friends is the bees knees 
Remember Klask is now in store for you all to play, we also have it available as a great Christmas gift this year 
Compliment someone today. 
January is training to be a guide dog for 
Want Amazon to donate to a charity of your choice? Shop at 
I'm proud of the friendships I've made this year and the 
Today we are proud to announce the opening of our 400TH STORE in Houston, Texas! We hope you'll stop by and see us, Houston Cheesers. 
Non uniform tomorrow. Please bring a donation for the tombola stall - bottle/ tin / can! Thank you 
I can’t stop smiling 
Flying to Abu Dhabi tonight for the Grand Prix weekend with 
Cream tea tomorrow? Head over to my friends at 
Fist Bump to Team Canada Olympics from U12 Girls Gloucester Dragons Soccer in Ottawa. Go Canada Go! 
I just found out that you also play in 
Eeep, we’re nominated for 
We're hosting a special seminar by 
I'll do my best! 
Join me on Facebook or Instagram LIVE Tonight @ 9pm CST. to celebrate the release of 
Now, now son! 
I never do Selfies ...why not today 
Pedigree will donate one bowl of dog food to dogs in need for every RT 
It's not just the visitors who are enjoying a beautiful day in the Gardens! 
Oops. Singing along to 
Today's space fact  
Get the Underbust Bodysuit on BLACK FRIDAY November 24th at 50% 
Next week I'll be talking about the 
Just landed in St. Louis for ALAN aka my last major appearance for the year, yaaaaaaaaaaay! 
Hoi, Rotterdam! Haven't got any plans for Saturday night yet? Seize the day, and come to see us at “I Love Urban” festival this weekend.Also, it is a great pleasure for us to meet our supporters all over the world! Let’s meet ! 
It's so easy to get caught up in the numbers as a streamer. But just remind yourself of all the people who support you and don't give up. 
Very grateful for your hospitality! Only been a few days and loving it already 
Come to the KISS FM Jingle Ball Village today where I will be performing and giving a fan a special 
Great photo with our Christmas tree Letitia 
Another beautiful day! Bring a book and sit at a sunny table and we will supply some delicious food
WOW two years since I played the 
Let’s celebrate the good news together 
It was a necessary journey! Hot chocolates and pumpkin carving with 
Thank you Ryan! Watch this space... 
Below are the details of the Newark Head on Saturday 2nd December. Please let Phil know if you'd like to compete or comment below 
Never saw this while playing...very very humbling. 
Up & ready for the weekend! 
SHOUTOUT TO MY BRUH@1ShadyDre5 
Thank you very much for all the kind birthday wishes yesterday 
Fave new word "Jirble" it means to spill a liquid by shaking or unsteady moving of the vessel.Dont jirble your drinks otw back from the bar
I'll be performing at this Fri 22nd 
We are all really excited that our shiny new website is now live! Take a peek for yourself... 
It's community meal night tonight, come and enjoy a free 3 course meal 
We're joining Geoff on 
Tomorrow night at Chorleywood's Christmas Festival, watch out for the 
Must-reads for anyone interested in British landscape and settlement - great to see them freely available! 
So thankful for ALL of my colleagues! 
Stoked to receive my copy of 'Do Androids Dream Of Electric Sheep.' I contributed internal art as did some talented others for 
We’re working on getting some more dates confirmed 
Know any local businesses that need a helping hand with their social media? The 
Great advice! Tip #1 Visit your Career Centre 
please do and if you disagree and want to argue in a civilised manner, I'm more than willing to exchange with you :-)
Well onto the next chapter 
Love Edinburgh at Christmas time 
 All three featured titles sound great! And what a list of releases for November! Great show, thank you 
PLEASE people put Talia Dean, Georgina , Jack & Joel and Leon through as Wild Cards 
Hey fam. Many of y’all know I’ve wanted to do movie reviews for a while. I’ve finally got my first video up 
Amazing!! Thank you all so much for such an incredible show of support. We are all incredibly grateful to you for raising funds to support our work and for such fantastic awareness. 
A Vincy (me), Trini (Wynn), Guyanese (Leon) & Grenadian (Joshua) walk into a Holiday Inn... Start of a good joke but the reality is that we had to play some hands of dominoes before heading back to NYC after 
It's definitely an exciting time to be a marketer. 
My 2 logo design ideas for the ncs T-shirt competition 
This card brought me a lot of joy this weekend. 
No thank you. Every word you said meant something. You're so right about community. I think you're doing an awesome job bringing swimming awareness to women 
Last day of our class rep training for our supported learning students at our Motherwell Campus, very artistic skills been shown 
Why not work in a beautiful building with fab people 
Muddy conditions at yesterday's 
It was such a pleasure to meet you all and to be surrounded by such inspiring young women 
My heart is so full. 
Only one week to go until 
Thank you! I’m kinda fond of that color too! 
If you have some free time, I invite you to watch 8 min of my last drawing of 
Good morning, happy 1st day of December, and happy 
Not sure how to successfully use 
very moved by all the support and enthusiasm coming our way 
Good sports massage in Essex any recommendations 
 ‘s new track is being premiered on Live Nation’s Ones To Watch - best love song ever in my humble opinion 
Happy Monday everyone! Can you guess which location in the National Park is in the picture? 
Very happy today as featured over on 
The Indian Act is in North America so no goal posts were moved...sweetie. 
No society can legitimately call itself civilized if a sick person is denied medical aid because of lack of means.Happy 
It's a lovely morning & it began like this for me. 
This Thursday 30th November we’ll host our Artisan Cheese Paring Night!You can book with us or online!Save the date and join us for this mouthwatering experience
We don’t make it difficult to win!! A simple RT is all that is needed 
ooh, exciting. Tomorrow I will be mainly reading 
Come try this warming little number, it’s on for the rest of the week 
Thanks Chuck!  Appreciate you being there
great to hear you're a fan 
Roasted tomatoes and whipped ricotta on charred wholemeal sourdough with extra bacon added...and a nice cuppa tea. 
Ref has final word to both teams 'it's a contact sport, get used to it!' Love it 
Next years 12 half marathons in 12 months is taking shape 
I think we have a new favorite way to review! Thanks for telling us about Quizizz 
 Mr Cooper can you retweet for me please 
What a great day we're having for our 
Two sets of twins that were born at Suubi Health Center this week 
My dad really appreciate this. I sent this to him &he smiled. He loves & appreciate you guys 
This week we're hosting not one, not two, but three 
If you're participating in the ASB Summer Starter this Sunday then we want you to dress up in your best yellow outfits and join Team Yellow. We’ve got awesome prizes including a $1000 travel voucher for the best dressed individuals or groups 
I am so thankful for you all! Have the best Thanksgiving!!!!! 
Thanks for coming Matt. It was great catching up and discussing growth plans 
It's back!!! 
Good morning.... 
Today has brought home the plight of homeless people: poor health; stigma; the forgotten ones. Thank you 
Who's looking forward to a cosy Sunday morning breakfast with friends and family? 
If you are in the area and you want to laugh, be inspired or be intellectually stimulated, this is the one show that will give you far much more than you could imagine
If you know why today is the best day ever, better be liking this tweet! 
I'm glad the session had a lasting impact. I hope your resilience strategies are working out well 
Student of the year is awarded to Molly from 
Meet 8-year-old Brandon Bloom. 
Meet me in Richmond, Virginia today. 
Just two weeks to go until the new issue of ‘wildness’ is out 
Great Spirit in Shenzhen, China 
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL FOLKS! We're also launching the first Cheshire Street Market this Sunday, Dec 3rd! Join us for a day full of independent crafters and holiday cheer! 
Day 3 of the Countdown to Veganuary! Fancy a festive drink? Look no further 
Good news! After a slight technological issue with distribution, 
Brighten up your day the Joe’s way 
Snowdrops can be grown for 7 months of the year. Greek and Turkish species start flowering from September onwards.  Here is Galanthus elwesii ‘Smaragdsplitter’ flowering now in my garden 
It’s always a lot of positivity and fun when I meet the person who gave me a break . my god father 
A small selection of our Autumn Winter kids styles 
 Hi everyone my first time here. 
Check out my new blog post. Spoiler: I make cauliflower BBQ wings 
Pleased to have you here! We are glad you enjoyed. You're always welcome, keep visiting us. ^ MA 
Now who loves a good old fashioned dippy egg and soldiers 
Sorry, Chris AKA 
All Saints looked beautiful yesterday 
Got a lovely surprise today to find out that I'd be shortlisted as a finalist for an 
I'll start again... Proud that our school was part of the Christmas lights being switched on in Mosley Common last night with 
Monday Motivation: Let's work to ensure there are forests for all forever. Look out for our FSC logo to be certain your purchases are coming from responsibly managed sources 
Another plot reserved followed by another reservation checklist and choices appointment
Goodbye to your heavy hearts. 
Looking forward to a mini road trip this weekend to see the folks and gaze over in wonder to the Isle of Arran 
"I love leading the digital transformation at 
OPEN MIC NIGHT,  7-9 on Thursday night in the assembly hall. No need to buy a ticket - just a donation on the door 
 Hi there, couldi ask you kindly to RT my drawing of you with a little feathered friend, thank you 
Could all pupils that performed in Dear Evan Hansen please meet in E107 at lunch time on Wednesday 
You know what time it is? It's that time where you can get The Curious Expedition for less than 10$ on Steam!! 
Pumpkin pie is so last Thanksgiving. This year we’ll be having 
If there's been a better I have yet to see it.Had everything even the Ref was good 
Humpday homemade banana bread with homemade chocolate spread. Thanks for the photo and those little sticky fingers 
My fav Sat night activities until recently were clubbing it till the wee small hrs...now it's  comfort food watching Location Location 
 Big Up Virgin Trains & Rock On UCLanAOK 
Thank you for your support Susan! 
My students secretly hid kindness notes all over the classroom for me.
Our Gallery Shop will be open today 2.00 -5.00pm, as part of 
Unit starting off the night with drill and a uniform inspection. Because standards matter 
Why not spend some time this Sunday evening getting clued up on all things 
Identified inappropriate antibiotic prescribing and resolved the issue with a doctor today! 
Hello and good morning from Mia, Denny and Sophie. 
Delighted our Traditional Apple Tart received a ‘Highly Commended’ Award at the Irish Quality Food Awards 17! 
No problem! Crazy last ten mins, go on and win the thing... 
It's awesome to know I'm protecting our road stories.
Truly lovely to meet you too. Can't wait to see the finished product. 
Thanks to everyone who came to Santa's arrival last night...he will be in his grotto from 12-6 today and 1-6 tomorrow
Are you caught up with my latest post? It’s a festive one 
A gift card or cash is great too for the 
BJP has long lost the plot in 
Giving away these 4 beauties. Winners will be announced on Dec 1. For a chance to win, just re-tweet. 
It's good to hear that Leia
Just loving on this gorgeous 2014 Cumberland Reserve Pinot Noir right now 
The call for papers for our next conference in Cardiff 
6 key things you need to know about microblading! 
Nice article featuring our talented and lovely Head Gardener Emma 
For the month of December, I am offering a bundle deal on All About Autism's website! You can get both All About Autism and All About Autism's Children Activity Book for €5! Get yours while you can! 
Incredibly happy that this happened on the same day I went flying! 
No...thank YOU! A joyful performance that had us smiling from start to finish
 you are a true genius. We were in absolute awe of just how incredible the show was. Thank you so much for everything 
Introducing our November Flavour of the Month…Berry Cobbler!Ask for a free sample at your nearest Baskin-Robbins branch 
We love receiving photos from those who love our foodie landscape! Glad it brightened your day this morning, Eugene 
We’re proud to sponsor 
Yes you are so beautiful Lady Gaga! Yes you look amazing
First night back = 40 Explorers and Leaders turn up, including 12 new faces! Must be doing something right, I guess 
#12 I Wanna Move To Australia - I Feel Like I'm in a Dream 
Don't ignore a boomer! Excellent article boomers will appreciate. 
There were so many beautiful dresses and smiles at 
Can't believe I've only just realised it was 
Our little elf has been helping out the decorators today 
Our pleasure! We hope they enjoy their tour - welcome to Oxford! 
Exciting Band 5 opportunity available! Come along for an informal visit and meet the team 
Want to win a £20 Amazon Gift Card this Christmas? Just RT and Follow to be entered! 
Last 2 days of £5 deal on burger menu then festive offerings start last orders 730pm 
a never ending story .... and pinot by the looks of it 
Only 15 replies left to go! 
The “tap, tap” of TEAM 
Love me some off season roster speculations 
Irish Advent Calendar 2017 by 
That is one of our trucks arriving thehydroglasgow 
I ordered my 2018 planner last night. The cover reminds me of a line from ACoTaR. “To the stars who listen— and the dreams that are answered.” 
Due to enhanced security measures 
A simple smile or a hello can completely change someone’s day today. Hello! 
Honored to make it in to Milligan’s HOF tonight! Also very thankful for the people in these pics who have treated me like family from day 1
Yet another happy and witty morning blogpost....luvvd it..was waiting for this 
She smiles slightly blushing 
Owl Bat Bat Owl made the pre Christmas roundup in today’s Indo. Thanks to 
Great. Grab what you can whilst you can - everyone’s a winner 
HAPPY HOMECOMING!!! What a fun surprise coming into this awesome locker room this morning 
Applications for our next Beginners Workshop are now open 
Looks like we have an amazing  range of wines and champagnes for the 
These two photos make me very proud 
Boston Globe with list of best classical albums this year, so far. Our RIMUR amongst them, in good company!
I got to talk to aspirational students from both Hamstead Hall & St Francis of Assisi about 
Christmas fair tomoro 3pm til 5pm 
17th November wear pj for children in need 
It’s time for us to get some sleep ready for a fun filled weekend. See you in the morning 
We love Adam's work! 
I had to cook dinner & bathe kids at same time to make sure my husband voted 
Who doesn't love a bit of 
Thanks for inviting me to judge tonight's 
Very late update but I had an awesome time working with the rest of 
Friday's cold and rainyish Lido pool temperature is 6.4 degrees. Open 8am-12:30pm. Last entry 15mins prior to closure. Enjoy your Lido...
screening & panel talks discussing British Women of Colour in Film this weekend courtesy of 
How well do you know your DStv shows? Take this quiz and share your scores 
Thanks for the nice pic! 
Thanks The Sports Source for the write up! 
What do you think of our dapper Mathew working in our 
This is so true!!!! And with your products, you can keep going a bit longer too. I love the White Chocolate JDiet protein. I had it on my porridge this morning 
Don’t miss your chance to vote for “October’s Player of the Month” direct message us your votes please.Voting closes at 3pm Sunday 
One of the kindest and most supportive community I’ve encountered 
So much info today almost forgot to tweet! Great stuff! 
Thank you to those of you who have already filled in our annual questionnaire, sent by ParentMail today. As a thank you, everyone who completes a questionnaire will be entered into a prize draw on Wednesday 13th December. The winner will receive a £50 voucher! 
We’re nearly ready to announce our very first in house production 
Awesome lunch with mi padre y mi madre in London today 
It's going to be a great panel! “Romance and Respect” at THE STRAND! Wed 12/6 at 7pm. Tickets are available for purchase: 
The wind has died and the sea has calmed. Time for my bunk. G'night folks - peaceful slumbers. (Here's another night time Tobermory photo from this evening) 
wooow very lovely, very enjoy & i very like song 
Amazing to have you with us. Thanks for the support. Can’t wait to see the reports! 
The youth CEO advisory team building blocks for young leaders  conference has been amazing so far. 
 happy birthday DRich! hope you have a great day 
Met team who had been working all day on ‘Christmas with us’ 8pm on a Saturday in cold station they tell me it’s been wonderful. Watched them get kisses from complete strangers after their experience. Somethings money just can’t buy 
Not forgetting Frank's effort at getting himself and many players around the memorial 10k 
RT if YOU want a better world for PEOPLE & PLANET! PLEASE SUPPORT the BIGGEST live thunderclap on earth! 
Going to post a Thanksgiving vlog today!
Check out our new review in special issue of Curr Opin Mic 
Just three events left on book tour this year!Two for 'The Beginning of the World in the Middle of the Night' (see below 
Waterway partnership member enjoying the launch of Journal 1 last night 
Looking forward to it. It's rather nice here on your apron 
Cooley Again enjoying some Polish grass in his 
Thanks to the Chapelhill Inn team at Logiealmond for stocking our Scruffy Dog Cider! Great food and great cider too now 
Breakfast at Mãe Maria Tavern/coffee shop 
I’ve had some great convos with the women in my life these past few days. Tonight, I was tickled at the teehee I was doing on the phone when discussing meeting someone new. Such moments mean a lot - very blessed for them. Night y’all. 
How many retweets will he need for an upgrade 
Thrilled and delighted to meet Maxwell Caufield at the Chiller Theatre expo! AWEsome man. 
 look this is at a school in mexico. 
Hii Friday inakuja mbio! Have you bought your ticket?Karibu kwenye Sherehe 
Snow!!! In London. A tiny bit 
One of my favourite rugby moments! 
Just published my new website if u fancy checkin it out. Will be adding content as time goes on. Much love all 
The canal towpaths are some of the most picturesque places to ride in 
New emotes coming! I can’t wait to show them to you guys when they are ready 
Great Harvest Assembly this afternoon led by Yr 3 & Yr 4. Well done everyone 
 Your event One Item Only has been featured in our TOP 5+1 because it's 
Featured on this beautiful CD of Magnificats
We won against HAVU on SL i-League Qualifier ggwp and we are qualified for the main tournament at China. 
No, they are very warm. They go out of their way to make you comfortable. Ask you if you need a car, if you need food, if you need directions 
If anyone is wanting to do something to help the less fortunate this Christmas, friends of mine are collecting selection boxes to take to food banks. If you’d like to help then drop them in at the shop and we’ll pass them on. Thanks 
Ah, The Muppet Christmas Carol. This makes me happy 
Cheers guys hope you all have a super week 
Looking forward to our Christmas Fun Day tomorrow for our Members!!Its sure to be a great day.. thanks in advance to 
 Break a leg tonight guys and dolls 
Great to know 345 people registered for 
Made my day (3). Merci 
Katya works with us! A perk of the job is being able to get your hand on great books before they are published 
We're happy for our customers to photograph our fab seafood, cocktails and lovely restaurant here on the coast at 
ZW46 the public are amazing, on a road closure at RTC and freezing cold and brought out a cup of tea by friendly neighbour. 22740 
 Loved it! So handy & affordable at the Salon 
Celebrate our 20 year anniversary and watch our wonderful head brewer work his magic this Saturday for our open brew day! 
The people were so amazing, incredible sunsets, snorkelling for the first time EVER, dinner on the beach and every meal was delicious! I could go on and on - it felt like home.
'The Good Mother is a compelling emotional story.' Thank you! And ENTER for the chance to win a signed copy of THE GOOD MOTHER! 
Join me this Friday December 1st at the KISS FM Jingle Ball Village where I will be performing for a chance to win The Perfect Gift, a 
What a great day at the North Down Craft Collectives 4th Birthday market 
Changing lives with every delivery, yesterday 
A week ago today, 
Big Congrats to the dance Dynamo 
Congratulations on your outstanding accomplishment! Next up 2000pts 
You can accomplish anything you set your mind to. Whether you're starting something new or just starting the work week, YOU'VE GOT THIS! 
Since 1 year my phone ringtone is HALEENA nd now spyder theme waiting for ur next flick 
For those who really don’t want to overspend
Happy Birthday to the happiest Mainstage cast member we know, Nadine Djoury! 
Looking for the right venue to hold your 
You have until the end of today to make sure you're registered to vote. Your county, your vote, your say, your choice, because you matter. 
Dear all...get ready for our big 
Save the Sharks this Giving Tuesday, 11.28.17! Please think of Sea Shepherd this Holiday Season as we continue to Defend, Conserve, and Protect our Oceans! 
New dessert menu coming along nicely. This Banoffee Waffle went down a storm during our taster session...swing by and check it out 
Excited to show you my two videos today. Some absolutely fantastic goals in both and a crazy transfer offer in the Huddersfield CM, our biggest fee received in the series by some distance! 
Favourite lunch spot with @bearweaseldean , happy days! 
Thanks for a brilliant workshop full of juicy immersive theatre goodness 
 For including me in such a great group of 
Green Lizard admiring the beautiful Irish Phone Box 
Hair today, gone tomorrow - still a great 
At dinner tonight in Valencia eating Chinese & the waiter asked us where we are from. Did not really hit me how odd & kinda cool it is until he asked. 1 Australian1 New Zealander1 Japanese1 Belgian1 American1 Italian
When you're already in weekend mode! 
Can’t wait to finish working from home so I can catch my flight
Today, I’m off to London, Windsor, to make people laugh. Really excited. 
If getting my 100th cap was not special enough it was then topped off with receiving my cap from 
Hope you like it - Deus Ex is a great choice 
I love the strawberry banana chia squeeze 
When even the pilots step out to take a selfie! Simply the most stunning airport in the world! 
WOW!!! Ses’ Madjozi in some scenes from the short film last night 
Big love thank ya! 
You wanna be entertained? Follow me 
Busiest year so far, but always looking to add more dates, would really appreciate any RT's 
Enjoying the company of my age group 
Good morning! Myself and Dave will be playing The Ruby Sessions tonight! 
For anyone who is still waiting for their order to be delivered please bear with us - it is on its way 
Dang I weighed 240 last year now I'm 209 good work outs 
I've already chosen and contacted her on Snapchat and got her address 
A couple more weeks to go till the Christmas Market. Come along and say hi  
Come and be informed & inspired at our next 
I scream, you scream, we all scream for the NEW Scoop & Learn Ice Cream Cart! Enter to win at 
 Am desperate to write a piece for 
....Good luck! 
My old friend up for grabs! Offers accepted 
Club & Stable Star Helium makes his seasonal debut 4  
And that’s a wrap!! Thank you so much for following and we hope you enjoyed at least one or two of our terrible jokes!! 
Cascadia family and friends are here at the 2017 NAMI NW Walk. 
Well, I'm still 'well', still connecting on Twitter, learning more sporadic, still doing my bit 'volunteering', exercise limited and occasionally journaling. However, I do believe in 
Has any of your family or friends been helped by 
Our members definitely had an awesome time today at Shaffer's Goldrush.. Thanks for sharing Dru!
« La vie en rose » would sing Edith Piaf 
Wonderful night last night watching Mack & Mabel with the 
Ahh - such good memories of seeing this come to life 
Thank you to all who applied for the Bath Dance Administration Role, we had such a high volume of candidates and very strong applications, making our job very hard! Looking forward to meeting the 4 selected interviewees next week! 
Was a fab day thank you Lewis 
I'm looking to commission some personal stream alerts (subscriber, donation, follow pop ups) - please lmk if you are available 
Great setup! We’ll be coming round shortly for a picture opportunity with Super Beaver. 
I do love learning new things;  and today that has been courtesy of 
This is the first published piece I've written in English. Writing in another language felt surprisingly liberating! 
This makes my day: when I get emails from people who took my training that they got the glitcher up and running 
Hope you all enjoyed it! Pop by the Experience stage if you want to chat more 
Band rehearsal went great today. A talent team on the album with 
In studio - work mode, tracks for a new film are shaping really well, God willing it should touch gold, cheers and thanks for all your love and support 
This gal knows her stuff! Don't miss out on a great opportunity 
Today!Another bed done & dustedDangerous poplar felledBig fireStarted potting up auriculas into my 'special' mixThe dogs at the vets also thought I smelt lush 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody! 
Great win today 3 points, clean sheet and more minutes in the bank! Love it! Now for 60 minutes next weekend 
It's a busy day at the 
So sad to see our wonderful Avant leave last week, but looking forward to meeting the next!Thanks Avant Fentons of Bourne Ltd - wonderful sponsors 
Reviewing light concepts with Laser Maze! ITL is a win-win! Kids engaged = happy teacher 
Q&A session 
Our students are LOVING their first training session at the Vonage Center! Thanks 
Please see link in picture if you fancy the chance of winning 
 is manning our maternity stand... why not come to say hi? We are at the Clarke Foley Centre in Ilkley 
The only place you'll see 7 feet tall Gummy Bears is 
Time to start another beautiful day! 
Awe. Would have loved to say Hi 
 Hi Debbie... I hope you had a great Thanksgiving!  Thanks for filling in for me 
What was your favourite Exis tune for 2017? I would be happy if you voted one of my tracks as ASOT Tune Of The Year! Thank you 
We're glad you's all ha a good time an hope to see you's again very soon! 
We really did have a great stay - thanks for hosting us 
Pumped to be going back to Abu Dhabi and 
Retweet and follow if you like a clean pussy 
 what a great design and idea for chocolate, a very naughty treat 
Waaa can barely believe it's already over
 Day 4. Parent/Teacher Conf. tonight and Thursday evening. Talking about student growth and progress is always good! 
This is actually really cute! Had to stop & snap a photo
Right - let’s get on it -finally 
May you be endowed with happiness, prosperity & success! Happy Gudi PadwaTeam Nivedita Saboo Couture
Maybe a bobble head....but it would take a pretty strong spring to hold the “Hudson head” up....
That's the reaction we're going for 
Well, well, well... if it isn’t our 
Under an hour left before the Instax giveaway! Remember, you must be following 
Have you tried our Ice Cream cakes? They're a taste sensation. Pre-order a personalised cake by calling your local branch 
Gaz ready for school with the new 
Thanks for RT’s you lovely lot 
We’ve entered, crossed our fingers and shall be visiting either way! One of my favourite markets 
One of my favourite pics with our Patron Dr Jane Goodall. 
So happy and excited to share this!! I can now officially add “award winning blogger ” to my bio. Thank you 
Great second day at the track today 
"Eighty-eight percent of participating patients said they would use VR again, according to UCHealth officials. Ninety-four percent of caregivers also indicated they would use the VR service again." 
This is so EXCITING! We are going to download the game and play it! 
: A year ago or so... Drooling over the twins when you guys were in town 
Why are these folks homeless miss r.arcelys? 20% of CA are homeless as of 2016.(113,952 people) right off google! Yes the homeless need jobs but how many are capable of working? My life is great because I have a home! I’m not hiding, I’m who I say I am 
Nursery and Infant children are so happy to see the arrival of Christmas doors today 
Great start to our Foil Workshop today at 
RT&FOLLOW us to win Friday's free large pizza of your choice. Collection 2day only # your nearest branch ST ANNES|SOUTHPORT|ROCHDALE!
What a tasty lineup! Folk are in for a treat! 
@Jack21e do you have a picture of it? I'd be curious to see Americans perception on English attire 
Ropes course including the flume of doom for some!!! 
One hundred things that make me happy! 
It may be a grey day, but Mr Fox is all smiles as he takes delivery of his brand new V6 Amarok from Lee Hanley at Marshall Volkswagen Commercials 
Good round up. If you could squeeze in 4 more I would add @langlandsniall,  @cgsedinburgh, 
WARNING: What you're about to see might melt your heart: 
We are lucky to have such talented Pupils 
Drama juniors tonight 8pm semi finals 
Tune in tonight Let's club at home 
What a fantastic group photograph! 
 is simply awesome !!
No problem! We're delighted to help 
Belated happy birthday Srishti 
Fantastic little gin today! Very local to me too 
Might be a good time to bring up the fact that 'unprecedented weather events' are happening all the damn time now 
Last minute prep! See you in half an hour!! 
I AM SO EXCITED ABOUT 
COME AND JOIN what I honestly believe to be one of the very best professions and places to train as a Nurse!
We're so glad he likes it! There's been a lot of "awww"-ing in the office today 
Who’s ready for another stream later this afternoon?! Carrying on with the life of the courtz crew at 4/4:30ish GMT! Don’t miss it!I’ve made my subs, I shall be making my loyal viewers next! 
Well done guys! It was a pleasure to judge your entry 
Thanks Holly, Teamwork is what makes the dream work though! 
Wet breaks. What to do? Fortune tellers & friendship bracelets. Lots of resilience required for learning new skills but positivity all round 
And they were voted Highly Commended in the Best Spirits category of the 
SQA Maths exams today! We know we can count on you! 
I can't believe how far this kid has come! 7 years old & heading to Level 6 this year. Rocking her 
I waited a couple o days as wishes were still arriving: now is time to thank you all for being so nice to me in remembering my anniversary!
All the backing tracks for auditions are now on google classroom! Make sure you join the class - lx2bof 
That’s what it’s all about! Glad you had a great night 
His name is Khan...Rashid Khan. Seven wicket haul (7/18) to down West Indies. Ek aur padosi form mein 
Our Mobility Advisors Dan, Lee and Pat are ready to discuss your child's accessibility needs at Kidz to Adultz Manchester 
 out now! Pls watch and share
I’m never disappointed when I see 
Absolutely stunning book - perfect for anyone who likes beautiful manuscripts... 
 love Taya products - excellent hair care and value. Only a small amount needed to transform and revitalize your hair! Just secured OTO 
Well!! I had so much fun last night 
I hope you have learnt something about Caring for people with Dementia &Delirium  I've delivered on Thurs ,Now its time to shine on ur area
A must see in Ireland 
TPD Lazer is out this morning. Now it's at this point we normally say stop and say hello, but with this little one he will be the one stopping you to say hello! He is into everything!Have a safe and pleasant day 
 thanks to James, Philippa and Tim for providing transport for our new volunteers to the Welcome Weekend in Huntingdon 
There's more to hitting the gym five days a week. You also have to eat healthy! Fitness First relies on TSG to obtain great looking body! 
M has put up with me for 10 months today! over a year later and im still crushing on him. 
Let your soul shine!
What a great event, thank you 
1st basketball practice today for Fall 2017 season 
Brilliant jewellery making workshop today with 
POP UP Gurkha Curry Lunch at Henley Self Storage, Newtown Rd,  12-3pm this Friday. Will ensure you get a large portion
He was focused! Total pro 
If you're being bullied, or know someone who is, here are 6 tips of things to do!  
Thanks everyone for your love,support and wishes it means a lot to me 
See who came out on top in the last Argentina Wine Awards 2017 
Perfect view from where I am sitting - making me feel better 
This lady is a legend! Got me through my driving test 
Peaceful morning's walk 
Tenor Soloist with the Galway Baroque Singers for their “That How the Light Gets In” Concert December 2nd at Augustinian Church 
WE R GIVING 1 LUCKY PERSON THIS WATCH, all u have to do is donate £5 to the SA Fund b4 9pm Sun Nov 5th! 
 coach Bharath chipli giving the boys catch practice practice 
Glad it's helping so far Brandon! 
The view whilst eating breakfast this morning in New York. Can’t wait to now start singing with 
Such a brilliant day, so grateful for being invited, and this video release was timed perfectly with my latest blog post! 
Sitting in a cafe and the little girl at the table near me is reading a book. An actual book . Not a Kindle or a phone. This pleases me
New Monday, new job. Brought my spirit animal to 
There's nothing continental about it! We make breakfast as unique as our home. Which flavour will you choose? 
Food at some point
When you're up at 5:30AM bc of jetlag & your whole to-do list is done by 8AM 
Excited for our employee volunteering day with 
35 years old today! Happy birthday to you! 
EARSHOT CHART :: 
A lovely couple just came all the way from Dorset to buy our special in store Camden edition, "The Horse Hospital" 
This is Dolly trying to catch you to get tickets to my show! 
I just wanted to take a moment and say "thank you" to everyone for taking time to wish me a happy birthday from all over the world! I am such a lucky girl 
My new single "Sleepwalker" is out now
All fines paid today - online or in person - up to a total of £1,000 will be donated! Settle up today and help 
Thank you, such a great experience for our swimmers-motivational, inspiring and fun, 
Looking for smiles on Christmas day 
We got some good news this week from our colleagues in Italy! Last week we were awarded as a Dyslexia Friendly Company from the Italian Dyslexia Foundation 
Had a great time shooting stills for this! Here’s the video of it. 
After A few Thrillers in the recent past... now its Time for some 
When BWR lands with me I’ll have 7/12. 
Make all your payments with the Chase Visa Card, it's convenient, easy to use and let's you 
Don’t forget we are open today from 11-4 
Ever wondered why your curls never stay? 
Super T leadership day - taking 
We are really pleased to be a part of it ! 
Ah, we love this, 
So this happened and there's no emoji for it 
Beautiful. Thanks for sharing your pic. It's reminded me of St Anne's square in Manchester in May. Best wishes 
Loving this little advent kindness calendar 
Thanks to everyone who has helped so far...I still need a few more little helpers to reach 20,000 points and only have 6 days left! If you have a spare 5 mins it only takes a few clicks 
If you are in Wellington come check out Disability Pride Day happening now as part of 
“You’re showin’ off.” 
Haha.. how sweet !! Ty guys 
A few more photos of Zermatt. So glad I took the opportunity. The sun is shining, -2C... Breathtaking.
We're at the Richland Community College Art Bazaar! Come see us until 3 pm 
New video at 4pm!! 
New yoga class starts tomorrow 5-6:30pm 
good (Australian) morning!! I hope you have a joyful day and make some progress solving the problem that's been bothering you 
What beautiful and diverse compositions were made inspired by the beacons this week! We want to do more with 
It was an honour to be a part of such a fantastic initiative 
It’s your lucky day
Thank you, Chuck! Please pass along my thanks to your wife & I hope you both have a great Thanksgiving! 
Monday! & only 31 sleeps to go till.............Winter solstice & longer days 
Ooooh hellllo Twitter! I have 280! So
Teaching Ss HOW to critically think & learn is THE skill for success! Hope you enjoy 
Yet again friends and I enjoyed another fantastic 
Here at the Skills Ontario Career Exploration Event for Women! 
Incredible things happen when an icon and an idol meet in the Gap 
 hobo diya bhool hol saage excitementot... when the intentions are good everything is ok.
Health research showcase at University of Salford tomorrow. Starts 1pm. Its free 
smile (not pout) for the camera 
Thank you soo much! Glad you enjoyed it!! 
Days like these really do put a smile on my face 
Thank you for coming!! Glad you had a great time and will hopefully see you again soon. 
we’ll be announcing TOMORROW! 
Matt has had a great 2 weeks visiting schools in the PEco Schools Network. PESS on the up at Broad Oak, St Anne's, St M & St T and Oakdene 
Sometimes, being home alone for a bit is bliss. Listened to some amazing music, read a bit, TV later. Chocolate and cats the bonus 
A closing word from our amazing  President, Wendy Archer AM 
Thank you to all the lovely ppl who visited the garden and nursery. We're closed now for 2017 time to start taking orders for next spring 
Big thank you for looking after Mark and myself 
Thank you so much Ian and for coming 
While I wish Maestro Urbanski to feel better soon, I am super honoured and excited to be able to take this on and spend this weekend in London with the fantastic and friendly 
Seahouses to bamburgh castle in the distance for fish and chips. Joy
Is there a queue? Just goes to show what a gorgeous man you are 
In my seat ready to see 
Coach Will's new lacrosse accessory! 
 Smiling because I get to ride to all the 
Today was definitely a GOOD DAY
Very much looking forward to welcoming 
Keep an eye out for this later.It’s back! 
Who is excited that it’s Thanksgiving week?!?!?! We are
New Custom Sewn PNR sweatshirt 10% off!Guaranteed comfort 
 moo mami makes even steak that looks this good better 
I’m glad ya did that U - turn 
Another highlight from yesterday's AMR conference at KCL - seeing our rainbow flag flying from the Australian High Commission at 
happy birthday gorgeous girly
Thanks very much Ugo! Was great to catch up on Thursday too 
I'm taking a break from social mediaIf it's urgent and you know me you'll know how to contact meHave fun y'all 
Around 300 places signed up to be official drop off so far & 
Mine is the front cover full page photograph for this years LEITRIM ALMANAC, several more inside too, delighted! 
Edmonton food bank is offering a new free, flexible employment program offering a great opportunity for resume assistance, tickets and more! Check it out 
Happy Friday guys! Quick update: the Recent Events will now automatically save the checked events for your conveninece. Enjoy! 
Congratulations to our candidate who earned not 1 but 2 awards during his Basic Recruit Training! 
Cyah Bruk Out Dance. Come Ina Dis Grover (him wear bell foot pants everyday)
Love my new lists book from 
Looking for a good, reliable, affordable graphic designer! Any suggestions or recommendations please let me know 
Thanks to everyone who attended our bingo evening. Great fun 
 Want to know exactly when new music is heading your way? The date is now up on Kewe! 
 Thank you for being so brave and sharing your story on 
Thanks to everyone who came down to our official opening of Baskin-Robbin's Birmingham. We hope you all had as much fun as we did 
We're bringing the fun and joy back in our work this 
I saw a familiar face while walking around getting warm after school yesterday in Walgreens 
 I just have to say that I saw MissSaigon for the first time on Thursday and was literally blown away by how fantastic the whole show was!!! Massive respect to the cast 
Grrreetings Magic Box! You are BEARy welcome, our pawleasure 
seeing everyone on snapmap back in Hudson makes me so happy 
Listed building measured survey 
A day for reliving memories..that’s what I’m doing today on 
Smiles all over after a fun day on the track yesterday. Thank you 
Complete Recipe Cards to win Recipe Points on 
All booked and now counting the days till December!! 
How we tell the weather in JAMAICA 
This had made my day!! Thank you so much!! I'm so overwhelmed! 
We've had over 400 people apply to join 
What do you need on a cold day in Toronto? How about a nice picture of 
Excited to be invited to perform the entire cycle of Mozart piano sonatas in 2017 in Triskel Arts Centre Cork 
Would you like to know more about how to help a mate? Book on to next week’s workshop with Wendy 
Fresh off the press, our latest Brighter Futures Newsletter has arrived. Pop along tomorrow to our public event to pick up your copy! 
Morning! Tell me why we do like Mondays... 
A little delight in my night to see 
Yesss!! Couldn't be more deserving. Such a big impact on so many people, me included 
Henry met Santa for the first time, check out that smile 
[Free Brushes] To celebrate the 100th birthday of the great 
You gotta love football. People spend the week slagging off Batshuayi and Willian then Saturday comes and they win you the game 
Awwww, we're blushing...
Welcome Lloyd's SSE 
Great to drink tea and share stories 
Self tape from earlier init. 
My son James in Year 10 
Nice to get another winner on the board with Born Legend 
We love bringing the power and light to this wonderful 
The gals @ BW3's in Canal Winchester tonight @ 7:00pm! Come on out! 
Beautiful fresh Sashimi overlooking the River Thames 
We were excited to watch the 3 sixty stunt team today! 
11 of the 12 pies we entered into the British Pie Awards came away with an Award. 
What a lovely bunch of people the Pedalcover team are! Thank you so much 
Thanks so much Charlene! 
Fantastic news and congratulations to all involved 
Thank you "Dragons" for awarding us £500 
Thanks so much for sharing guys 
Have you completed the 3 minute Lifestyle Quiz? Give it a go now to see how well you are living your life 
'Flindrikin' - so that's what was going on in Leeds last night 
I'm agented! I've signed on with the awesome 
Ever have trouble thinking of a solution to your problems?AIA is here to help. 
Sometimes mermaids need some quality time alone with the nature 
Feeling ten foot tall thanks to this gorgeous review from 
Industry & government - it's called teamwork 
I feel great this morning! It's gonna be a good day. 
So true. I will be letting my family know that if they're not sure what to get me for a gift, a beautiful picture book is the go to option! 
Our products are handmade with Love! The ultimate source of health from Slovakia. For you... 
It's a joyful festive time of year, try our Christmas Frangipane & a coffee 
There will be signed photos available next week 
Well done Lynn!! You were awesome 
Guys!! This FRIDAY!! Come see me at the Grand Opening of Fire Station 11!! I am gonna be there in my uniform and everything!! Don't miss out!! 
Not the greatest shot in the world, but just seen this beautiful sparrowhawk sitting in my hedgerow. 
Yeah he’s a strong little character 
Pure buzzin'! 
Can't wait! See you 
It’s going to be a very special night 
The gentle work of Angela Cash has arrived here at the art cafe... Drop by and take a look 
Many thanks Mo!  Happy Sunday to all 
this one from Fox news... Despite how critical we can be  against FOx, this time they were right !
Colleen has returned!!! 
Thank you for your support! We'll see you tomorrow 
Homemade light jar. 
 Swapnatli tu pariAlvar shi basriTujyat sapta sur vajeZure nisha bawri...Wishing my Beauty Queen, style Queen , my inspiration.. A very very happy wala birthday Amu di.. God bless u always.. Keep smiling, keep rocking.. Enjoyy d day.. I love u soo much
Honoured and excited to be a part of this great group this summer 
Wish you a very-very Happy Birthday, Sir
Barnwell middle and upper school in their brand new uniform supplied by us 
Such an honour to able to say that I've won the 2017 Bernadette Greevy Bursary. 
I was so nice to meet you Halima! Please do stay in touch and let me know when you are in Birmingham would love to chat more! 
Gift drive is going well. 
Great family learning going on 
Brilliant couple of days learning 
Check out my first Halloween costume, guys!! From way back in the 2013times when I was just a juniorperson!! Pretty good, amirite!!?? 
I can watch these little dorks hop around pie plates for hours. 
 Finally received.. Thank u So much for this amazing gift.. Thank u 
Hooray! I love this! Thank you so much, Christine. 
Plus awesome big bowls of hot steamy tonkotsu ramen, to warm your cockles!! 
A little VIP morning for this guy! The copy is FINALLY here, and he gets to be the first to sign this one out 
Finally made it to Grenoble! Can’t wait to compete this week! 
Another great football session. Y4 thoroughly enjoyed! 
We are! Loved meeting you 
Had so much fun working on this! Can't wait to see what others find in this dataset all about 
Well done to Maryam in 3d for her swimming achievement 
 at Pocklington tree festival lovely job of the tree 
We'll take two thanks! 
Dad’s taken to emailing me his wish list for Christmas. Yep sound 
Slight change made to the website 
 I'm reaching out to a few people I know to see if they've heard about one of my favorite charities 
Really nice review of the Positive Birth Book. Like, REALLY nice. Almost TOO nice. 
You have probably gathered I'm a tad excited about this! Had a fantastic day at 
Busy day today, we've got the Turners in for lunch, then 
Honored to be one of the 9 speakers for TNW NYC 
If it’s anything like last years event - its one event anyone involved with Social will not want to miss! That and 
Very interesting. Thanks for sharing. Time to get a paeds 
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle aren't the only ones celebrating an engagement... Congrats to the happy couple Kajubi & Nakiwanda 
 Then and now, 14 years on 
Gonna pack my selfie stick so we can get an epic selfie with the audience at 
alaskabuilt built another masterpiece and it’s almost obnoxious how talented he is 
And I’m done! My giant wonky, sparkly castle 
We hope you have a brilliant evening and that the event is a huge success 
Fun couple of days filming for the 
Get a free Lindt Excellence Chocolate bar! Download the Shopmium app and use my referral code s49c4 
New episode ‘Jijaji Ko Dhoondo’ OUT on my YouTube channel now!Watch and Share ! 
Another cake I made, my first ruffle cake 
I cannot say thank you enough for being a part of that moment with me last night! You have such a kind spirit and killer style! I’ve been a fan for so many years! Love you girl! 
Looking forward to a night out watching the Rat Pack in Broxbourne tomorrow night; mark is an amazing Dean Martin 
This is so kind. Thank you! 
After a 3.30am start, closed motorways en route & near constant rain the Oxford squad had a great time 
Perhaps...love is actually when you find happiness even in missing them...in crying for them...when even that you love
Sydney was lit!!! 4 shows in 2 days starting today 
More happy guests! 
We chat about Dec stuff to do in 
I was walking down the road today behind an elderly chap and saw him stoop and pick up a large piece of rubbish on the pavement then place it in a bin 20 yards down the road. This made my morning. Little actions from all of us will make a real difference to our world!
Lovely to find so much support for 
It's not too late to make it along today - the Food & Drink Festival, shops & activities are open until 6pm 
Our view this morning. Could be worse 
 happy birthday Bryson!! I hope you had an awesome day! I have had such a blast interviewing you this season. So proud of all you've accomplished, good luck this weekend 
Our Anne Clark BEM Service Award winners for 2017 - thank you for all you do 
Quick reminder for parent/carers, tomorrow we are making Christmas decorations 2pm onwards. See you tomorrow. 
If you are heading to Helsinki center, catch a free shuttle bus next to the Holiday Inn hotel! 
 as a fellow Electric Theatre student could you please retweet our poster for my next show in Swansea pleeease ? 
In celebration of 7000 likes on "Dr Poppy" on FB, I'm running a raffle for free consultation & hormone testing (a $650 value). One raffle is for fertility/pregnancy issues, other is for any hormone issue/thyroid/period problems/PMS. DM or msg on FB or IG to enter! 
Always fun when you’re around, 
TGIF! But what are the things that you’re really thankful for? Does it include our yummy and healthy sandwiches? 
Thanks to the staff and children of the Thackley Brownies and Rainbows who have collected treats on behalf of 
Watch this space for two new tours in Glasgow before Christmas...this is a hint 
Who else considers Thanksgiving leftovers to be a good 
Today we welcomed a brilliant team of volunteers from 
Getting ready to kick off our 'What Can I Do?' Careers Workshops today for 
Whaaaa? Thank you! 
Let's Go Argos 
We love a happy smile, vol.2! 
happy day late birthday 
Great live video from the lunch 
TURKEYS!!!  So thankful for all the donations coming in to the 
Ozil looks good out there today 
Out to @TrevorBlackman1and the Ape Media staff who have just got us funding for an anti knife crime project in my home borough of Newham it's a proud day for me and 
Do Something Unforgettable and get involved 
My oil painting, line drawing, and a photo of my favourite species: the king pitcher plant. I'll never forget seeing them on Mount Kinabalu
Dancing shoes ready for tonight in Mumbai 
24 hours on and we are delighted to have made it, all in memory of our friend & colleague, Andrew Grounsell.  Thanks to all that supported
My latest release! It's so good, you'll feel the sand between your toes 
Now I'm blushing again! 
My life is complete. Watching my son rehearse with 
This is great. Thanks very much 
Always plenty of helpers in a family business 
We sure don't! Thank goodness there are ppl out there like you to help 
Love this scenic shot by @rok_kkkkk overlooking the 
China is definitely pretty at night 
Just finished up teaching on day one and great chat with 
Well done to Miss Leitch, 
We have plenty of Christmas shows coming up! Tickets all available in the restaurant 
Cool screenings & seminars 
After a difficult, stressful few weeks and with only 6% of the Kickstarter total pledged I have chosen to cancel the campaign and pursue an alternative path for development. I can't thank everyone enought for the support. The demo will remain on Steam 
We have now added Tiny Owl to the map! Hope more indie children's publishers do the same 
We have small and Medium BAM! and POW! Necklaces at our Cork Sample Sale 
We are enjoying our arts afternoon
Children’s Xmas party booking closes on Sunday. Please can all payments to paid by then thank you 
Delicious pulled turkey and cranberry sausage rolls to kick of our festive breakfast feast this month 
It was great to welcome you both to the hospital 
Barista required for a Gosforth client - Monday - Friday 7.30am - 4.30pm DM for details 
Look at the crazy proposals our gorgeous mannequins received 
Our Red Runners Appreciation Celebration is well underway! Thank you so much to everyone for coming along and getting involved 
I’m right behind you! 
[RTs appreciated!] Shop open! 
First full time youth worker post in Wales within diabetes. Please RT 
So many different materials being used to create different structures outdoors today 
 Bangor Furniture Shop. Come in and see us. When it's gone it's gone! 
Yes little girls love their pink  
I'd like to give free access to this course to women/POC students who want to learn web development! Please retweet and share! 
Yes wish I was but next time your here in the uk I’ll def be seeing you. Have a great day 
3 years and 3 days with 
We're playing at The Maidstone Theatre in Ypsi tonight. Doors are 7pm. We hope to see you there! 
Just noticed we've hit 2,000 followers! We're pretty pleased about that! 
Me looking *very* happy in the British Museum for this inteview 
Some of my brother Tony's 
Holliday unfortunately social media is full of mean/unhappy people, especially hiding behind a cell or computer.  Remain positive and ignore the ones that don't reason, there are plenty of them!  
My CNF piece "Corpus" about a Stradivarius violin & my desire to transform is in 
Today we had a special visitor, baby Isla 4 weeks old along with mum. We have been finding out about babies at nursery and what better way than a real baby. Thanks to big brother Noah for sharing your sister with us 
We have new music coming very soon... in the meantime, we’d like to share a bit of what we’ve been up. We’ve travelled around a lot, busked, met a load of you. We’ll post the best bits on our YouTube channel once a week, subscribe to see first 
Its cool mate, I was being a bit of a facetious dick 
“Oh, Ray.”
What a great event, and so good to have been part of the winning team thanks for our brilliant tone of voice! Well done everyone! 
Very happy little lady this morning 
But apparently an easy read for men too - thanks Chris 
Many thanks to our many partners who have helped us with our ‘green journey’.
Well, look what came today from 
Go on...treat yourself this Tuesday 
 - Teaching ResourcesThis is my TES shop! Please have a look to see if there is anything for you 
Wow how sweet.. Really so nice 
Don't sweat it bro. I know there was no malice in it. That's just footy. Lekker game my bro. 
'One of the most important things in a child's life is a book'-R. Turbidy. Well done to Sarah Fitzgerald, 2A5 
We won another Emmy! 
‘Satisfied Smiley’ and ‘Don Coffeone’, the Bashkirs know how to brand
thank you for coming it was nice to meet you! 
That looks yummy!!! Can never have enough sprinkles 
It’s the 1st of Dec so must be time for the team to enjoy a Xmas Lunch 
We couldn't agree more 
It’s Dec. 1st which means 
Last minute items, including essentials like Stewart's Milk or Eggs, can always be found right at your local Stewart's Shop 
C R A Z Y !!!guess i need your support here!
Sounding GREAT! I can’t wait to hear it in the flesh 
Awesome label design! 
“Respect, My name is Ricardo Hamilton and I’m 17. My favorite food is bull beef & rice. My favourite Artist is obviously, Alkaline. When I grow up I want to be a Police to look after the area and make sure the children are safe.”
Anong magandang series sa netflix bukod sa 13 reasons why at stranger things? 
Surprise crowd of science fans at 
Now there's an idea. Watch this space 
Throwback to Zabaleta surprising a young fan on his last day at Man City...Feel good! 
So grateful today for the incredible team 
Caught up on Facebook so now catching up on twitter while Scott's on his stag do ! Wedding 
Turning on the NFL pregame and seeing packer hater Troy Aikman and Joe Buck calling the game. 
On the train to London Town to play on 
Wake up workout 10 min mobility.! Give yourself the time it’s worth it. 
My pins and patches are now on ASOS Marketplace 
 will be receiving my sponsorship £’s tomoro from doing the 
When you show the world what you can do! 
Thank you to our amazing supporters for truly rallying behind us and helping our project supporting parent carers of seriously ill children to reach a fantastic 4,035 votes in the Aviva Community Fund Awards! Finalists will be announced 28 November--fingers crossed 
Just seen a flotilla of Santas punting through Cambridge 
Last night in Sheffield was completely unexpected and super fun i did a 3 hour b2b with 
If anyone out there is auditioning hard, maybe check out my latest YouTube VLOG episode, cos I am too! 
Magical ppl r out the & magic can hapn
Brilliant to meet you last night 
Excellent project, happy to help Cumbria Police, Prison etc if want to develop anything similar 
Probably my last bike ride this year... It was a pretty one though
Just wrapped filming on sitcom with one of the comic inspirations from my teens; the legendary 
Charming and slightly alarming, as I had to remind myself it was a sketch and not a very, very motivated cyclist! 
First bowl out here in Perth today, good to get some miles under the legs 
Post V&A feeding 
Hehe! Thanks for having me! 
Let's celebrate Gaetano Donizetti's birthday with 
Hope you enjoyed the coverage. Will share semma clicks in a bit 
Ah thanks Chris! See you at another show hopefully 
Best way to kick off the week 
Just been sent this image of me at the Love Actually premiere 14 years ago. 14 years between these pics, not bad for an old bird haha
 rocks it again! We DO really love the shirts, the customer service & fast turnaround time 
TOMORROW!! Few stalls still available.. Book your stall now 
I know we already RT you 
Thank you to the generous customers at Tesco Sealand Road 
We had a fab time at Bristol's 
Episode 1 of the Never Settle podcast, with Prof Sue Black & 
Cool things coming soon! 
You're story was amazing!! You're a great storyteller
It's Friday!! AND you know what that means right? Another great week down with another great week to look forward to!  
Survey says... YOU decide! Fill in one of our surveys and see if your answer makes it on the board: 
The wait is over!New Song Plygrnd ft. 
Tough hilly cold course this morning. Placed higher than the last race in 21st.
Neville new app. Fastest way to book an appointment with us
Just arrived at a HUGE bucket list destination here in South America 
Thank you, Donna! Such a great review, I really appreciate it. 
 Over 500 folks experienced the 1st Annual Smile Day that honored NYC Smile 4 Me & it's founder 
Look whooooo I found! 
A big thank you to Kerry and the team 
Mm who would I like to wish me a Happy Birthday today, probably 
Whoop! Our premiere for ‘Guardians’ is SOLD OUT! Can’t wait to walk the red carpet 
“I think the manufacturing combine at 
120+ care packages ready to distribute to ladies in need 
A Steps fan just like me Claire!
Pop in and check out our latest exhibition from local artist 
Children in Need fun today. Thank you to our parents, children and staff for supporting this fabulous charity 
We made our own bar chart of our birthday months 
So this lad comes up to me at an event with his old jacket we signed in 
Thankyouu Punekarss for d superbb response!!! 
On the way to a workshop on transgender and inclusivity in Higher Education after a busy morning of meetings. Can’t help but be cheered by the guard’s take on ticket checks! 
Hey! I've found your new 
ISG-4 Baku Closing Ceremony in Progress 
Thank you to everyone who came along to the 
We currently have a fantastic opportunity for an Associate Director of Nursing for Medicine and Emergency Care 
Great kick off to my first LCR Business Post event. Quality speakers, quality attendees at a quality venue. Huge thanks to all 
“Our names are Lesha & Okaysha.We are 12 & 13.If we were in charge of Jamaica, we would fix it up and make it a better country.We need stuff for our school like AC, fans, chairs, a new bathroom, new windows.The meaning of life is to live and learn.”
Huge thank you to all of the entries. Unfortunately there can only be 2 winners. The lucky 2 are 
Sat in front of TV with my knitting before 7.30pm - Bliss... 
This Friday we have Bake sale in aid of HIV Ireland.  It is a perfect timing to start preparing for the upcoming holidays and in the same time make a good deed
So proud of this lot!  They have worked so hard. 
Only gone and done it!!! 
It’s the last day the whole team is together this week so Happy Thanksgiving! What are we thankful for? You of course! 
LOVE seeing former students!! He's happy and doing well!  Once an Allen Aero, always an Allen Aero! 
We’re just a short 7-hour plane ride away... 
I am thankful for people who are careful not to end their sentences with prepositions. 
As a developer, I'm conflicted. I absolutely love exploratory testing and how it helps me, but I write repeatable automated tests so that pesky problems I've seen before don't plague me. And so that I can refactor safely 
You’re very welcome! I thoroughly enjoyed getting to know these remarkable women through 
DEADLINE EXTENDED TO MIDNIGHT TONIGHT! We have extended the deadline time to Midnight Tonight! You're welcome! 
Pre K Morning Meeting - What are you thankful for? My mommy, my daddy, my brother, my sister, and my Teacher! 
Our Health Mentors can't wait to enter the 
Sharing again for the evening crowd! 
I actually ended up ordering a few last night I loved it so much. So once my order is ready for collection will be popping in to see you guys soon 
It's a little scary, but awesome that 
I've just pledged my support to 
wake N bake cold Artois then bit of shopping and in to spoons for a few nelsons then home for more lean up and a fuck off take away ruby Murray 2 night 
ICYMI: Apply to work as an 
Thanks for tuning in, Eva. Gotta credit my producer 
Always a pleasure Mr Heath 
When your wife out-gifts you. Thanks 
Come visit us right now in Milo Bail! We’ll be here until 2 pm 
I’ll be performing and doing the countdown for the West Didsbury Christmas Lights turn on today at 4pm. The lovely Cavendish Primary will also be singing carols. Come along and bring the kiddies 
@BailiesCoffeeCo OMG THE Coffee of Champions so delighted can wait to taste 
Brilliant news!! 
Please try to help we have 4 famous people that have agreed to do same watch this space 
Popped into the Arts & Crafts Christmas display in The  Arcade this morning 
No guys. We (the pros) are not copypasting or sugarcoating the whole situation. BLAST just genuinely treated the players well and did everything they could. You can be mad or you can hope for the best and cross fingers for a better tomorrow. I know what im gonna do 
This arrived in the post today - thank you 
And mine !!!! I mean we couldn’t score you as high performing unless we saw clear evidence of a chocolate motivation draw/area, naughty elf opportunities and happy staff working together 
Good morning & happy Tuesday! The team are here until 10pm to answer your George tweets 
Almost the weekend ... Ensure you make time for Good Friends! 
Fab cake ready for birthday celebration 2 tomorrow
We're so pleased that you enjoyed it guys! It was a real pleasure to have you here. Hope to see you again soon! 
We will win, Felix!!!! I'm voting every day ! 
Good luck! Hope it goes well 
Radiothon is almost here!  Meet Alyssa, Sophia and Calvin... three BIG reasons we all do what we do for 
I enjoyed visiting the digital leadership conference today at CJHS. In this picture, a third grader explains to the audience how to create a FlipGrid video. Adorable!
 next time you’re in Boston let me take you out on a real date. We can get lobster rolls and go on a tour of the Harpoon Brewery 
Full house at Gr 8 Information Night. Great way to end a great day at CC! 
Today’s the day! 
Fresh off my page. Don't forget to like and retweet.
LIVEEEEE! Kicking the stream off with some ETS2 Promods, jumping into a Multiplayer Convoy at 9pm! 
Feels nostalgic to be amongst the legends Mohan
Caption this.. suprise visit from daddy 
Has it really been a year since 'Here' came out? & so it is 
'Concrete Angel' made it into the Top 100 EDM Classics 
F&F press day .... SS15 like heaven 
Thank you so much to all who joined & made 
2 DAYS TO GO until THE GIRL I USED TO KNOW by 
 can't possibly get more exciting
Just launched my dear friend Dobbie’s book “Bheem” .. I have got my copy .. You all grab yours too ...
World Tourism Day. Perfect day to plan your trip to 
I’d say that’s a pretty stunning way to start the month 
Great way to finish. I wish South Africa would win like this more often 
We're on track to surpass 100,000 subscribers tomorrow at 
North Warks YET gave an input around the laws surrounding drugs and the consequences that could happen 
Fantastic. “Rural” is definitely the place to be a GP - holism, clinical judgement. And in Powys there are some great schemes in place for “right care for the patient” including nurse triage, urgent care practitioners, physician associates 
We hope our postgraduate open day guests have enjoyed spending time on campus today 
Let’s go I can’t wait 
Loads of fresh fruit & veg yesterday 
Mum's homemade Greek style lasagne 
Which production company created an audio logo for Krüger? Oh, that was us! 
Today I had the pleasure of leading our 
Have a super great day from the 
Good morning all! We are here untill 7pm tonight - have a great day 
We're super excited to share our new 
Girls and boys brown shoes 
Can't wait to see the calendar! This is my shot for April! 
We are open 'til 5 p.m. today. Don't forget we are closed on Monday! Back open on Tuesday at 9 a.m. 
Language acquisition milestone: I dreamed in Mandarin last night! 
Sightings from this morning at Freiston Shore with 
Also, not buying things sold in plastic bottles in the first place would be a BIG help. 
I'm doing a one off special radio show today 
Cos I’m Sick 7 out now! 
"Life is about moments, create them don't wait for them" 
We hope you all have a safe & HAPPY 4th of July! 
A6. Anne Frank once said, “No one has ever become poor by giving.”
Good tough Event today at 
Got some yummy beetroot and ginger chutney at 
WE ARE SO EXCITED FOR DESPICABLE ME 3! Be sure to wear your jewelry from our Despicable Me Collection! 
Nursery have been looking for shapes! We were super shape detectives. 
Special screening tomorrow hosted by the beautiful 
This text made me smile 
Many thanks Rob, hope to see you and your friends back at Sio really soon 
When your day at work doesn't feel like work at all 
It's our Open Day tomorrow! If you are interested in studying a degree in health, education or life sciences then why not come along to our City South campus in Edgbaston and see what we have to offer? We hope to see you there 
Thank you everyone that came out to the shows in Amsterdam and London this week! That was a lot of fun 
What a great first performance with this lovely lot tonight! Catch us performing again at forty hall Christmas market in enfield this Sunday 26th 2pm-4pm 
Really looking forward to performing the role of Freddy next month with 
Come stop by the SRC table this afternoon during the MSU Student Organization Fun Fair! 12-4 PM on the USC front patio! 
So pleased to be joining the team! 
Lottie's got her seat in the audience for The Community Pride Awards in Darlington ! 
Always a pleasure, hope you had a great evening 
ICYMI! Drop into one of our London stores before Dec 15th to purchase the new 
Thank you SO much Moses! Glad you enjoyed! 
We're so pleased to hear this, thank you for your support - it means so much! That porridge looks delicious too 
P1-3 parents - Come along to the coffee morning at 9.15am tomorrow to find out more about FAST and for a chance to sign up! Hope to see you there. 
This may very well be my new favorite thing, from 
Merry Christmas to everyone!!
Such an incredible book! 
Absolutely amazing! Really well done! 
A nice, positive story about a transgender methodist minister. Didn't need the 'before' photo, but a nice mention for 
Thank you everyone for chatting! That was fun 
First podium in LMP2! What a weekend it has been. 
Ahh just had the best hour listening to 
Most definitely, I did. Joyously wondrously. Gorgeous and gorgeousity. 
 Thank you so much for the AK vulcan giveaway
Never forget rinsing the reds in school the next day. Those were the days 
A couple more holiday themed emotes for 
And our results are in! Well done to both 
Small talk can make a huge difference to someone struggling - lets all watch out for others 
GOODMORN Twiitaverse .. Upful upments everything up !
BIG congratulations to founders Maria & Sara Trechman of 
Well that's exciting! Being hand picked is never a bad thing 
This is the essence of all that we do. Thank you 
Superb show again Alan & what a treat to hear Cigar Store Indian 
I think I am one of those proudly 
Martin Williams on Sax/Clarinet, George Hogg on Trumpet, and Harry Brown on Trombone 
Our staff and volunteers have been hard at work renovating our new home today. It’s starting to take shape. We can’t wait for you to see it! 
You 100% know when you've had good pizza...it can be life changing!!! Ok life changing while you eat it! 
Results of the 24 hour poll. People seem to prefer Tayto 
We all wish we'd written it! But .
Proud to have one of my fave stories in 
Great to meet the talented team at 
That’s definitely going on my wall 
Who doesn't love a good quote that makes you 
Good morning! We’re looking for ford to the market this morning and our local producers are buzzing around getting set up - see you soon 
The "army of trolls/socks" used as an excuse to censor r/Bitcoin? 
In times of despair, seek clarity from Sir Winston's observation. 
And I totally appreciate that ! 
We’ve received news that 
Hey everyone I’m still contracted to 
You’re views and maybe an RT on the not so short survey above would be welcome 
I had the best year on this programme! Please do share and apply 
Reaching 1,000,000 YouTube subscribers LIVE on stage at the Matthew Hussey Retreat!!!! Can't thank you all enough! 
Join us on November 11th! Bell Centre game tickets are on sale at 
Put me next to a steam railway with a camera and I'm a happy man 
We are looking for Christmas staff 
Come see us! 
Happy Thanksgiving! We’re so grateful to all of you and your support, that we’re starting our Black Friday sale early. Shop our Glitter Detanglers & more today on 
So proud of Oakridge Key Club for bringing 154 books for the Cook Childrens Toy Drive!! Thanks for making a difference in the community! 
The Big Frieze has appeared at Little Gonerby 
Dear community organizers: you got it all wrong. You just need a 
 intense film with a unique approach & social message, loved it. Congrats 
Just ordered room service for a $1.50 garlic bread 
“Compelling Story. Perhaps an overuse of exclamation points.” 
Walking up a brand new path to a brand New Year!!!!
1 DAY TO GO until THE GIRL I USED TO KNOW by 
Students tell us what they are thankful for at 
The girls really enjoyed themselves and we are very proud of them 
Apps to CMI are due this Friday! 
Graham from Newmilns Regeneration Association sharing his community highlights and achievements this year at the 
No surprise Most deservedBest Actress: 
While achieving your goals you will face many problem like injuries , family problem , difficulties but the person who will face them will succeed for sure 
Newborn Thank You cards, designed for Ciara and Eoin! 
Lovin now Balance Selections 055 
ENTER YO' DEETS TO 
Y3 have written some beautiful letters to the emergency services! Can’t wait to send off to said services and post on 
Thanks for joining us yesterday, 
My Glasgow Comedy Festival show is on sale now. Friday 23rd March 2018 
 How Country feels Guitar SOLO 
: Amsterdam Edition. Sep 2017. / Chilled out, cool vibe. / Dying to go back.Have you been before or are you planning to? 
Liverpool City Region Health Skills Show: The amazing North West Ambulance Service had life saving demonstrations throughout the day. Did you leave knowing how to save a life?  
Totally honoured to be joining the board of 
Commonly Asked Questions and Misconceptions - part 3 of 5 
Very true, life is too short not to take silly pictures! 
Releasing on 15 Dec 2017
this was such a tear jerker. I’m so proud of you 
 I watch the panto yesterday! Weldone it was amazing!
We have volunteers out all over Rainham this weekend and coming week delivering our new leaflets! Massive thank you to all those braving the cold to get our new literature out! We can’t thank you enough 
Want to try our chocolate? Pop down to 
Great engagement from our schools during the PAH BMT training 
The moment you finally realise the way to approach a piece you've been agonising over for ages is always blissful 
Hooray! Special Olympics Gateshead Tyne & Wear are now on Twitter. Give them a bit of love. 
My previous account no longer exists-- please follow me here! 
editing todays Bump Update 
We’re having a great day at The Royal Society of Medicine’s (
Good morning Pink family, thank you for the encouraging words! "Explore new ideas and opportunities" has long been one of my mantras. 
Holy shit just bumped into the LEGEND 
We are proud to be helping the Vancouver community 
happy birthday Jo!! hope you're enjoying your day!!
We had the best time performing at Greenwich 
You've made it through the week! Treat yourself to a new COACH Bag (on sale)! 
Such a beautiful cover! Can't wait to read this 
We celebrated at our run last night with pizza, cake and prosecco! And, of course, some good 
 am Kenyan, I really liked your single "gwe ansanira". Can you please make an acoustic version? 
You give so much of your time.  Really impressed by your unwavering committment to make this world a better place! 
Please email me if you need your code
 PEOPLE I'M THANKFUL FOR 
Still v proud of this one, came out a year ago today. Thanx for all the love 
I played the demo of this game twice in a row at the Leftfield Collection, and it's as fun as it seems 
A day ill never forget. What an honour to represent my country. Thanks to everyone who has helped along the way.
HUGE thank you to Rifco for their donation of almost $34,000! This will go a long way in helping us 
These guys just make you smile 
Ready to make a difference as APS fine & performing arts coordinator! 
Thanks for letting us know Melanie.  We’ll be sure to recognize Matthew, aka “jump start angel!”
Nearly time for curtain up - this is good 
Super excited to reveal something from our movie,   
Check out our costumeclothes from the 2015times, guys!! I got to be the BATTYMAN!! Yes!! 
He never gave up and always believed in himself . to say I'm proud is a understatement 
Love the passion in this photo!!
 .... sending a crack team of claims volunteers out to 
World of Games option comes to an end!Student share their creations and then try them out! 
Special shoutout to Mark S. for showing us his mushroom growth using the hashtag 
Perfect break time snack 
A challenging adventure is about to unveil on The Jordan Trail! Stay tuned 
So happy to be back!!!!! 
Thanks, Tony! 
Salem's taking a break from wrapping 
Celebrating a big win with the main men at 
Our son spent nearly a week in the old special care nursery at the Civic after he was born. It was a very tough time, but the nurses and doctors there were so great to us. Congrats to the staff and the hospital on opening this new facility! By the way, he turns 1 tomorrow 
I want to stream today but atm I feel really exhausted!Might be your fault for breaking me several times but I love you for this!So today's stream might be a bit later  
Today we had a professional photo shoot at 
We do the news at mirrornow_in. Good news too 
Tea anyone? My latest cake 
Love seeing our new project firefighters being trained up for summer. They are passionate about protecting the community and the environment 
What a week! First week of filming over 
Thank you very much! Incredibly honoured to join such a prestigious club 
The longest horizon crescendo... 
Seems it was love at first sight 
"The production is particularly noteworthy – with each element perfectly placed to compliment the other." Thank you so much 
I made them for a lovely client. They will be a Christmas present for someone special. I am delighetd how sweet they came out. So I will start making personalised cats, after Christmas. 
We are here setting up the media lounge for the National HIV Retreat which begins tomorrow 
Thank you to everyone who came to show their support for a new East Suffolk Council 
 Hi! Please could you add your support to this thunderclap? The 
I’m really trying to 
Gorgeous photo of the lantern procession 
Thanks Hannah! Really glad you enjoyed the session and hope you’ve had a fabulous 
Sorry missed u Declan - see u nxt time 
Excited to receive lovely goodies now I’ve joined 
Golden Year #1980, 
The wheat looks good because you doing the dairy thing 
 I have one very happy goddaughter having received a birthday gift from your TW shop. She's currently learning to spell her name, so the wooden scrabble letters work a treat! Thank you 
Day 2 of training. It never gets boring! 
We are delighted to confirm the date of our 2018 conference 
looking to celebrate after submitting this weeks assignments? Why not join us tomorrow at 
I can’t hardly stand the love you guys are showing me today! Thank you 
Honoured to see our Food-Grown Skin, hair and nails supplement in 
We will play UNER Solar Distance Tour in TOKYO 
Just one of the beautiful colours in our Nails Inc TSV and it’s still available! Something else available now for you to view is my new blog 
Are you a health care professional needing some evidence searching tips? Help is at hand with these e-modules 
Every day before I went on stage at 
The horizon looks bright, cleaner and more beautiful for all of us 
Congratulations from all of us - we hope that you have a memorable day as you celebrate your achievements
Uber Elvis! Made my day 
CALL OUT to farmers and members of YFCs... We’re working on something festive but need your help... please PM us if you’d like to be involved 
Got some exciting news coming soon about 
NCO led night doing some leadership 
And it's about time! 
Steeler win!!!!!! 
Be part of something big!Donate to CMF via 
Had lots of fun performing at the 
All of Wilde Thyme's wreaths are made to order so you can have the Christmas Wreath you always wanted this Christmas 
Thinking of moving office? Here's why you should be considering a tenant representative for your next move 
As if you guys haven’t had enough of me the last couple of days... here’s something else to listen to!!! Loved doing this interview with 
A big thanks to everyone for the kind comments & RTs after Thursdays shout. L-R: Andy (mech), Kev, Ieon, Doug (cox), James, Kris & Lewis were all 
Feast your eyes on our brand spanking new gift box! Perfect for all your cheesy friends!! 
Been a veggie for about 2 months now, so far so good
Wandering is my favorite activity. I just find the most amazing things. 
My Dream of Creatin a Tamil Original Series 
....YES YES YES! Over 300 of YOU SHARED the ABOVE tweet with 41,000 others to HELP ABOVE WEEKEND CHALLENGE SUCCEED! Now THAT is the POWER OF TEAMWORK! The Pine Marten is VERY HAPPY INDEED! THANK YOU to ALL involved for raising awareness of this AWESOME rewilding project 
Our remaining shows for 2017
You r the Dorian Gray of basketball. 
NEW MERCH AVAILABLE AT 
Had another awesome night tonight for Newton Faulkner! Here’s his track ‘To The Light’ from his set tonight! Enjoy 
Almost Halloween. Ignore the Cold Weather and Trick-or-Treat!
Now look at that – there's actual data flowing from the classifier to the browser 
Super excited to be back behind the stall myself tomorrow at the 
You are truly welcome Genoveva 
 Half term + St. Ives + 
Honoured to be recognised for providing access for anyone to participate in a sport we love 
It was an absolute pleasure to get to speak to design students and my old teachers at 
Reservation begins today! Buy ticket & get ready to watch 
Home from Argentina and filled to the brim with this adventure 
Great to see 'I need your love' at #6 in the 
Awwwwww, we'll miss you too! Good luck and keep in touch! 
Oh what a marvellous couple of hours totally immersed in 
It may be June, but I'm already counting down to the 
Massive teacher training day in Palmerston North today with 42 teachers going through our 
listening to boring normie lofi deep house 
Or rainbow heels from earlier this week if you’d rather 
I will settle for having banging gin. Cheers Jake 
The future is bright, the future is green 
My triple berry peach pie is about to be a la moded with family tonight. Happy Thanksgiving, y'all!! 
 the sportsmanship you showed at the end of that match was admirable. What a role model 
Picture taken by one of our fans 
Our passionate Founder Tony Kitous talks to 
18 Minute Low Impact Home Workout | The Body Coach 
What are your names?“Daniel” “Daniella” “Delbert”.Ok what are your favourite vegetables: “Okra, tomato and cucumber.”.How old are you? Daniella: “Three, Delbert is the eldest, he was born first.”
Somewhere deep deep deep deep down..you've got it in you. We all do 
We're open with sun & snow showers this morning. The wind's done a stellar job of drying out our snow & main trails skiing & riding nicely 
Still beautiful after all these years (to be sung not spoken). Trini genes yes!
Thank you so much - such a privilege. Sorry we didn’t get chance for a proper chat 
"Surprise! Now you see me, now you don't." 
Our absolute pleasure, we’re glad you’re enjoying lunch 
Good evening spent with the kiddo. 
Happy Saturday!! New blog post! My honest review of Skinnea Coffee! 
Your passion for our cause is inspiring 
Thank you to all our parents who were out in force supporting both the U14 & u16 teams 
I have one listener! 
And we couldn't be prouder! 
Thanks for helping me with bunker shots 
Lesson for life-You must live strong. Strong not in terms of how much you can push something or someone, but strong within yourself.Good 
Amazing day in Huntington Beach
Still doing the rounds, still in a lot of DJ-Bags n playlists. Grab your copy 
the most Rayners Lane Asian power move  
@cmt_ii it's always a pleasure Fam. 
 It’s a WINNING SMILE for you from all the Heifers 
It’s today! We can’t wait 
Happy New Year!! May 2017 bring you all happiness 
And finally....  
I'll have to give it a try ASAP! Love trying new gins to feature on my blog 
No not every Sunday! We do have another two in December on a Saturday and a Monday dates to follow thank you 
Excellent campaigning in Deansgate with our brilliant candidate 
Want to add my congrats to all round good egg 
Thanks to everyone for the love and support on the first 
Thank you so much James, hope you enjoyed filling the box 
Really enjoyed hearing typographers 
As long as it’s just the one, no problem! 
Was a great night and was great to be in the studio audience with an Amazing panel!Thanks to my friends 
Very pleased to have become a Fellow of 
Wonderful! Well done to Yvonne - a regular at all of our 
Gaga for gadgets? Hot on trends? We got 
This braised beef & Gorgonzola mac ‘n’ cheese is guaranteed to warm you up on a cold November day. Available on our great value 373 lunch menu 
Commonwealth Games will always hold a special place in my heart as it’s where I won my first senior medal. I am especially excited to be selected for the commonwealth games in Australia in April for triathlon. It will be the first time Paratriathlon has been at the games! 
Thank you so much! I feel the same 
If you guys didn’t know I will be gone until next Monday visiting family for thanksgiving
Thank you for your support Anna! Act fast to get your Women2Win tote bags! 
What a view to wake up to in your ABI 
They will be a friendly bunch and will understand logic of our approach  
Saturday afternoon! Bring your friends & family 
We're glad you enjoyed our visit! Mahalo! 
The festive party season has started! Our canapes celebrate the best of British grub 
Tomorrow, children are taking over for 
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY - Come celebrate @ G-A-Y TONIGHT! 
 Sequel to the classic fainting M&M Christmas commercial. I love it!! Great job 
Can't wait! 
First class FREE and bring your mates 
We love this collage of a recent wedding we hosted 
With my gorgeous aunt & boss
Thanks to the Chapelhill Inn team at Logiealmond for stocking our Scruffy Dog Cider! Great food and great cider too 
Yay! Thank you so much! I’d love to read Breach 
Good morning lovely people 
Wow 10 years working at Sugden, thank you for all your hard work Mike 
 is where she was given the freedom and encouragement to learn so many sports and become the great sportsperson she is today. First female member of the school football team too, I remember! Fantastic school days & fantastic school 
Do you feel connected to nature in your work? If yes, no and maybe just doesn’t cover what you have to say, then reply to this message with more detail.  
Most fun volunteer picture ever? Quite possibly! Thanks 
Our team works on helping students in holistic ways. Here's our first donation to 
Here's a sneak peak at some of the fantastic photos 
Good moment with d bro hushpuppi , Day1 Homie
See you tonight, North Dakota 
Breakfast treat for the little one and the not so little ones too! 
How do you like your steak cooked? 
Don't miss out on the chance to get your FREE SHIPPING in the USA at 
was clearing out my room and found a unopened box of dodie cereal from when she did performances at the cereal killer cafe - I don't really watch her anymore so I thought I'll give it away if you want it so RT and follow to win 
Thanks so much guys! 
Unexpected mail - one of the best surprises in life. Thank you 
Who watched the WTCC today?Michelisz finished on 2nd place with an amazing drive 
Not all winter beers are dark our amber red Xmas Mash up, fruity spicy and light 
If you aren't already, go follow me on Spotify! 
A reminder that there is a wide variety of activities on offer tomorrow night, including swimming! So please ensure you bring the appropriate kit and lots of water! 
So good to see all you guys!!! Thank you very much 
Check it out y'all! Much appreciated! 
Best of luck against Reading FC tomorrow 
So today my good people y'all shot and y'all missed!!! 
Congratulations to our first winner @GW_78we we have messaged you. 
A wee snowy walk up to the old fort with my old man. Makes the cheeks fair rosy! 
Abah. How she calls for that hug 
 there is a difference between concrete and cement. Thanks to 
“Hey I am Stevie Evans, I am 13. Basically, I love to draw with anything. When I grow up I will be an Artist. Right now the community creates war “inna” the school and we don’t like it. My happiest time is whenever I play football.” 
Thank you for tuning in. Catch you same time next week. 
When you're walking to the reception in your hotel and 
Welcome to our brand new SU Officer team who are starting work today! They'll be working with our current team for the next two weeks 
A beautiful edition - well done 
Thanks for letting us be a part of such a fabulous event last night 
It feels very odd to not be off to Harrogate and 
If you're anywhere near Manchester check out this exhibition, highlighting the positives of living with 
Thank you for sharing pictures! We're so happy to see how our partnership with 
Do you have a U21 player who has been leading your squad this season? 
25th Nov - Come enjoy the 
I’m honoured to feature in this photo with you and those other talented peeps 
we swatched our "magical forest" eyeshadow palette for you 
Thanks for sharing, Bette. 
Thanks to everyone who's been asking about the 'pop up' 
Join us to CELEBRATE Independent creative businesses on our alternative to Black Friday - INDIE FRIDAY!!Share your work & let's SHOP INDEPENDENT! Please retweet 
 running Successfully allover!! 
Hi friends! I've recently started a blog! If you're interested in checking it out, link is in my bio 
What a day at Chepstow races today! Last 2 races, 2 winners 
You're the social media queen right now 
Thanks to everyone who came to our show in Nove Zamky What a great night!! 
I would have become a fan of any school you would have chosen, although your choice makes it so much easier on my wardrobe 
 Inspiration I, food for music making 
With November almost behind us and 
I’ve been both a physician and an actor. Yes, the stakes are different, but the level of technical competency and teamwork isn’t that different. Working well on set feels a lot like working in an OR or on a Navy dive operation. I’ve done both. 
Feeling like a rebel on my Samsung phone at the Apple store 
Thx all for watching last night! This is from our director 
“Let us always meet each other with a smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.” —Mother Teresa // 
So that racist piece of shit Charles Manson has died. Great start to my day 
such a magical place, just booked our next retreat weekend for end of Feb 
 mummy collecting breakfast for chicks
Happy bday to a sister like friend 
Tonight we got some new episodes 
We are feeling all festive in the spa today ... the smell of mulled wine and mince pies is so enticing 
It's a good job we're following the Bjorn Borg V John McEnroe tactics.....I point at a time, 1 game at a time.... what red card? 
We wanted to drop by and let anybody who's interested hear about the lovely gift boxes we've just launched.  But we're glad that we could help on photo and video apps too 
You can get your tickets here: 
It’s a really great time of year for wonderful reflections on the harbour...
 garu super hit medley songs performance in 
Which Shakespeare DVD is your favourite? 
Ready for the Christmas video shooting 
A nice bit of beading in the morning with Hardwall
Thanks for all the messages over the last 24 hours! This is a dream come true 
Pisces .. keeps me from being a murderer
Super proud of this horse, Trap For Fools your a champ 
Wishing all our wonderful customers a very happy new year! See you all in 2016! 
Good panel discussion to get things started 
Spot of Bubbly anyone?! RT&Follow to 
With a little help from my friends 
What’s your favourite tech to lounge at home with? /// Tag someone who’s always on their phone, and send them a link to 
Normafest!!!! 
"Where do you see yourself in 5 years time?"Out my pickle stuck in Ibiza somewhere 
What an absolutely amazing performance by Year 6 of The Lion King last night!! Such a very proud Headteacher 
Thanks, just settled on the 11:15 
"NOBODY can make you angry without YOUR consent ... YOU have to give people consent to do these things" 
She Is awesome,so happy for her 
  for your info Richard procter, a rear gunner in Lancasters during the war turns 96 on Sunday 
Lovely feedback thankyou! Hope you're doing ok 
Looks pretty good sat and sun great acts and great food plus 
Soaking in the sun & planning the next moves. Tomorrow I'm heading to 
What an honour to be included here alongside 
At Tesco East Didsbury we love donating our food to the local community and charities 
I'm cool with it if it's just for personal videos and you link to 
Time to chill and watch my favourite tv programme 
Who are our PhD students? Where do they come from, what are they studying now, and where do they hope to go in the future? Find out more about one of our PhD candidates, Vladimir Kobzar! 
Flurries in central London, thought i was imagining it to start with! But excited school trips around Westminster area, (plus me!) 
Spain. Portugal. Morocco. Who wants to come along!? We leave May 20th 
HUGE congrats to Uri-go. Such worthy winners 
We're all set-up for another brilliant meeting at 
It's 4 years today since we first opened our door! Time flies 
First time in Australia, and first time climbing the Sydney Harbour Bridge! We loved your enthusiasm 
Congratulations AAU - you are now officially open! 
Thank you, thank you, thank you to all who came & made this 
Please full this in Iona people 
Open space is a figure of your imagination 
We had a wonderful time having you here! 
Isn't it a bit too late though??? Really wish she would've announced when she had picked the winners. Congrats to the lucky ARMYs though! 
Going to enjoy editing these highlights I think 
GCWC day 1 was a success! We'll be broadcasting every day this week at 11 am (7 pm PST). See you tomorrow! 
 Happy Thanksgiving to you!! Thanks for bringing us the AM news with some fun n laughs 
I loved playing Chess with my dad growing up .... now he plays with my son 
Mohammad El-Hilu & Ahmed Radwan will be hosting today's show from 6-8pm tune in 
Operation School Bell campaign is up and running! Click the link to find out more on how you can help  
Hi everyone. I'm a freelance voiceover artist working from a professional home studio in North Lincs. Just on a quick break during a 
That's such great news 
Before leaving Pristina, I visited Demos-Ti that teaches children how democracy works-and told them about my day as a politician
Pool comp tomorrow registration before 1pm £5 entry! £100 for the winner 
I asked my little niece Chloe and nephew Alex to write a couple of kids’ book reviews for 
We are closed this evening because it’s our staff party!!! Woohoo!! But we are open for Brunch as usual 
Look at this beauty! Lovely, line caught Wild Sea Bass caught on the Jack Henry in Newhaven... Call us now to find out the latest deals 
Ed Asner is way too much. Like legally I think. 
Very pleased that Cooley Again has been selected to represent Team GB in the Nations Cup at Waregem 
Everybody's gonna love today, love today, love today 
Lovely feel-good lunch with @ronnieweasley at 
Do you know a staff member who has gone above and beyond? Do you think your course is the best ever? Is there a service team who have helped you with an issue?Nominate them for an SU Award! Nominations open until Wednesday 7th February. 
The Ambleside is a real Home from Home.LIKE if you agree 
A lot of people get annoyed when others copy their every move... you should be flattered! I know I am 
Looking to support a local charity this year on 
This is amazing! Thanks for taking the time and best wishes for your continued recovery 
On my Home PC, after quite a while, working and chitchatting with my tweeples~
Volunteering Opportunity in Easter. 
So looking forward to joining you all. I will be laden with chocolate 
Check out our new website and online store. Order some of our delicious 
We’re so pleased to be nominated for best UK airport again at the @travelweeklyuk Globe Travel Awards! If you’re a travel agent and would like to vote for us, please do here 
...Or how about joining 120,000 others who have had a go at our online numeracy check. Everyday examples, calculators allowed, mistakes are ok. We’ll even give you help to brush up if you need it 
Get in there! Both doing well on Trustpilot we see 
When in Manchester.... 
Throwback... 2014, after winning my 2nd World Championship
Had fun hanging with this gem today 
Blushing to be mentioned next to these amazing producers...! Look forward to hearing all the pieces again 
Thanks Kelsey, great to meet you. 
Oh my...too much Christmas cuteness!!! 
We've got some happy customers with their train carriage installation today 
 Andy, my dad is doing Movember for men's health, please could you retweet his donation page? 
Impressive Teaser. Good luck bro 
Cheese Toasties and Grey’s Anatomy on a cold Thursday night. Living the dream 
Ok, now that is cool. Love it! 
Last of 2017’s newbies started on the water today
The sore feet will go, but the memories will last a life time! Thank you ladies for a great trip 
It was lovely to finally meet you too. Can't wait for the next tour! 
Yesterday I asked you guys what I should sample to make a beat with, here's what I came up with 
Shanksh to everybuddy who came to see the CELEBRITY MEN FASHION EVENT last nightynightimes!! Was soonerfun to show of my shinynew fancyclothes!! 
Wish you all a  Happy and prosperous dusserah 
Some work I did yesterday while in Cape Town 
 you have until June next year to finish. New Year's Resolution? 
Amber, your clothes are beautiful, just like you. Keep up all your good, positive work. You are a strong, beautiful and capable woman! 
I have one of those lovely sheep 
Neolithic flint tool found by a friend in Essex. 
More gorgeous autumn colours on the Douro River 
IF YOU DONT WATCH DONT CALL YOURSELF A FAN 
I recently interviewed ‘Friends of Essex and London Homeless’ for 
Our 2017 appeal is up and running 
Big news today people! 
Frosted Leaf Study - a small set of images from a fantastically frosty Friday morning 
Mixing with the trees. Going to release this baby in November 
Homemade Mango and Kalamansi Marshmallow. Fruit,tangy, soft and chew. Taste of Asia 
'It's a tough job but rewarding job' Yesterday showed that for me. 
All the best to us manish sir 
We have just taken delivery of our state of the art top of the range waffle&crepe makers. Not long 2 go now
Hey big boy... get outta my yard. 
For those who don't have time to read the whole editorial, this is how I really feel 
One of our lovely customers has organised a food bank collection point again here at the cafe. Boxes are ready here located next to staircase. Let's smash the 450kg total from last year! Thanks in advance 
A lovely lady of twitter has found some of my older work and tweeted about it. How nice 
When your hardworking friends get a great shout out! 
So glad you enjoyed the show Chris! Come back and see us again soon! 
Right where Binti belongs. 
My cousin Phil and I
College Fair at Largo High School this Wednesday from 6-9pm!!! Details below 
That Wednesday feeling when it's the last day of 
If you haven't already, go watch a new Closet Wars episode called Ugly Sweater Challenge on 
Diolch!!! Thanks for the card 
Bought mine :) I needed a new long sleeved shirt with my favourite animal on 
It's our class of 2017 Nurse Graduation today. Congratulations to all of you, we are so proud of your achievements 
What a great piece of wisdom!  This one struck a chord with me today!  
Yep!! Enjoy 
One of the many reasons I’m grateful 
I just would like to thank 
LS1 girls supporting LS2 in Thursday's 
Another lovely video from our Gala 
A very happy Mr Pepperell collecting his eagerly awaited 204PS DSG Sportline Kombi from Sales Executive Lee Hanley at Marshall Volkswagen Commercials 
Tonight’s face skin routine has my face feeling like a babies cheeks. I feel great 
We are up for 2 gongs next week 
You are very welcome! We hope you had a great day 
 celebrations in Bulawayo. My 
Today @ Schlotsky's the woman at the window gave me 3 free cookies and didn't charge me. She said it was "just because" 
y'all kno that saying , fasho money better than no money 
 aww awesome photos lady so thank you! Any time 
Last chance to vote! If you fancy giving us a vote we would be very grateful 
So looking forward to our ESRC IAA-funded mentoring scheme event for international PhD students tomorrow with 
Hearst Castle Skype to end the day! My fave
Just love making people happy 
With the cold weather upon us, professional foodie Kat Romanow shared with us her favourite cozy food memoirs you can curl up in bed with.
Aw, shucks, 
Getting ready for the holidays around here 
Nearly Friday NQTs and all teachers! Well done on what I'm sure has been another great week 
Want to join the team at Lincoln Students' Union as a Marketing or Entertainments Assistant? Apply now!Vacancies close Monday 20th November at 8am, visit the link for more info. 
A short clip from one of our Well Balanced Classes run by our Physiotherapist Vaishali 
What lovely pictures. Winter light is so clear and crisp - sometimes! Thanks for sharing 
Two kind ladies have brought this handsome pup to Blackwood Police Station, found in Markham... unfortunately not microchipped. Don't worry, we're taking good care 
Twitter changed its 140 characters to 280 characters....let's celebrate Astro style! 
If you couldn't make it to the 
Not my best run.. not my worst run! Fired up to ski in finals (if the weather permits)! Happy to put down my first contest run this year! 
 team photo, well done all the students from North Warwickshire 
We couldn't agree more! Maybe a half term day trip 
Brilliant news that Late Afternoon won Best Short Film at 
We are perfectly fine with receiving socks for the holidays 
Nope despite the sadness they can still smile .. happy ppl 
Congratulations to the boys football team who beat Saughall 5-0 in the 1st round of cup - a great all round team performance
Stay tuned! We have some insanely good events coming up for you babes - it'll be the perfect time to try 
A day I can never forget! 
Another lovely, successful day at Howard House. Intergenerational arts & crafts 
What a pleasure it was to meet Peter Randall-Page at this event today and very much enjoyed his talk 
Sooo sorry for the late reply...luv u too
Happy Friday...... 
Just made a list of stalls to visit at the 
We had beautiful weekend away on Adventure Holiday with some amazing people. So many giggles with friends 
Ha ha so true!! Thanks for all of your help! 
Fantastic comments coming in about the free ARENA 3D Demo 
Recognise this lovely lady from my Scafells film? 
And part 2 with the 'surprise guest' is even more fun & Dil se
Love you so much Kenz, thank you 
I'm excited to see the projects my 2 fav people in the world have coming up together 
For my daughter & her future & many more daughters!Thank-you 
We did it! A big THANK YOU to everyone who supported us in 'The Pitch' & to 
Don’t forget there’s another chance to win another book tomorrow 
New Goodies available from our online shop! Help us spread more kindness at the same time as getting your gift shopping sorted 
Also some students weren't going to come in until they got their motivational postcard - so happy our cunning plan worked 
Whisky
Lovely article courtesy of the crew over at 
Congratulations to our childcare student Abigail Greenslade who is one of the top 5 nominations for the Inspirational Youth Award 
So good to see that we are doing so well under Hafeez, even after losing Amir, JK & Babar + without our captain’s bowling 
Just realised that this time next week I'll be in London playing at the 
Never let your wings be stolen from you 
It's been a while since last tweet.. but some good fun coming up 
My course, “whole genome sequencing of bacterial genomes”, is in the list of the 600 free online courses 
When Gary met Emily ...& Berwyn. 
This link takes you there quicker - loads of great companies offering support to Employers here - Thomson Training is my business - currently at #2 in 
We scored some smiles unveiling a new mini-pitch in Denton, TX with 
Catholic Rome is a very small place! Glad to meet a good Twitter friend in person today.
If you're out on Sunday stop & say hi to RSPB volunteer John, he'll be at Binn Green end of Yeoman Hey. Memberships, site & wildlife info 
Been busy helping a purchaser make the choices on their 
Happy to see that 2 of mine made your list 
Welcome back Clayton. No matter where our Employees go, they will always have a seat at the Afrihost table. 
CYSA, ALA! That’s a wrap for Day 1 of 
Really liking my Echo Dot. 
Give your children the chance to turn on the Auckland Harbour Bridge lights with the 
Simple makeup and straight hair 
You're very welcome, 
Can’t wait to go and watch 
The dawn of a new day in the Eden Valley and winter has returned before its officially begun (1st Dec) 
Loved tonight's episode and seeing Jamie getting along with all his camp mates 
In the interests of creating good quality content (and not passing out from sleep deprivation!) I am going to skip tomorrows upload. Sorry to disappoint, and I hope you enjoy Thursdays episode! 
And we are very much looking forward to having you on the show to chat all things 2017 College Soccer Celia 
It isn’t too far away now!!!! Still time to book onto both Camps for October Half Term!! Don’t miss out 
My first vlogmas video is up on my channel, would be amazing if you could check it out 
Getting ready for Saturday's 
How to use Board Lists on Tailwind to Schedule your Pins for Pinterest 
What's your favourite Baskin-Robbins flavour? 
We’ve got the vibes this morning.. we plan to make it a very chilled Sunday! See you soon 
So many exciting plans here! We're the country's biggest independent music school & learn to 
Super excited to have co-directed a new short film featuring these amazing trans folk, in association with 
I am still inviting families affected by dementia who live within the Peak Park to take part 
Tomorrow, NECA House would host the best and most reputable digital media experts for 
Ooooooh! Tush has the candles goin 
Always a good time when my love comes to Chicago 
Okay peeps,if you have been acting all "Doubting Thomas" concerning the 
It was an absolute delight to witness the sheer comic timing and mimicry of 
Today is a very exciting day! We have 
I'm recording a second comedy album in Edmonton. I'll record your laughter & applause too in case you need a copy.
If you have a crush on me, please tell me. 
We don't ask for anything in return, however these cards given to us today puts a 
Yeah...I might have done that 
Happy thanksgiving everyone! We’re thankful for all of our Pioneer Records stars and our supporters! What are you thankful for?!
Ready to kick start our Lancashire Restorative Justice Conference 
Thank you all for the very kind comments after the concert yesterday, it's lovely to see your photos too! 
 BSE Christmas Fayre,  Jonathan has had two runs to WSH 3rd manning on SR117 with Rachel & Bryan , good learning before his ETA assessment 
Morning! Thanks to your support, we've made it past the £4,300 bump! 
Meet Hayley - our newest Catering and Venue Sales Manager! Welcome to the team, we're so glad to have you! 
First behind the scene impressions from Tallinn. Pitches start at 4 pm! We will keep you posted. Greetings from Estonia 
Distillery floor is really making progress thanks to our friends at 
Come & see me at Bristol City Centre JCP today & tomorrow for information about our new roles 
Finally reunited with my long lost brothers
We are maybe a little bit too excited about Christmas, 
Plans for the weekend?Be sure to add a trip to ZEN to your list! Indulge in some of Birmingham's finest Thai cuisine and sip away on some of our mouth-watering cocktails. The perfect way to mark the weekend!
Some random photos and videos from Moscow 
Match photos from Saturday AK2XV (17) vs 
We thought that we had got close to his score and realised it was set on junior mode!
Students! I have 1x BBSRC-funded PhD position to study bacterial Cu trafficking (+ 1 set of mint condition pipettes in original packaging waiting for your name). Please RT 
What a wonderful thing to wake up to 
We can count to 20 in a line, a circle, an array, and a scattered quantity.  
Save the date!!!! 08.03.17 
Stand up comedy gig tonight at the stoneboat Kimmage peeps gonna be a great night 
This Elephant Rocks!  And counters the negative Tweets of the day! 
Maksn drew this beautiful fan art of Penny & Abigail from Stardew! Who's your favorite Pelican Town resident? 
 to be released worldwide on Dec 22nd 
Excited to be receiving the People Like Me training from the 
TGIF!! We're firing up a big party already in a remote village on 
Excellent! We have our Christmas Craft Fair this Saturday if that’s of any interest... 
Been following for a majority of 2017, it's so good seeing someone from the Central Coast making it on the big stage 
Totally forgot to tweet this, so re-tweeting Jo's tweet instead... 
Advent, schmadvent... what we're counting down to is the one and only MGF Christmas party TOMORROW! Hope you can join us and the 
Great to see such a good turnout for our parent carer consultations 
 today’s paper ad ft.
Thank u so much brother! Happy u liked it 
Sounds incredible! So organised of you, can't wait to see 
Beautiful day for the 2nd year petrology 
Wow, that hour went quick! Thanks everyone for a brilliant 
If you go down to the woods today...you might find a fairy too 
This has cheered me up no end, thank you 
Great night out in Mansfield raising money for food causes 
BIG NEWS!! Yoga for Travellers has been translated into 
Can't beat a catch up with 
I’m suffering from depression and I flew to Cebu just to watch your show. I had so much fun! I don’t think I need my anti depressant tonight! Thank you, 
Thanks! Looking forward to talking to you all!! 
MY ALBUM IS OUT NOW ON SPOTIFY! ID LOVE IF YOU FOLLOWED MY ARTIST PROFILE ON THERE & TOOK A LISTEN! 
I think i deserve some free 
 lovin the new song, and good video. Happy things are again going well for you all. 
- can we give it 10 stars?! 
You're very welcome - it's a great website 
Happy birthday to my super spinner 
Lovely surprise in the post this morning 
"The marathon is a problem-solving exercise." - Earl, 
It must be my lucky day 
You were fab. Thank you 
Having fun & making memories!!! 
A bit of ‘Dot’ before the pub 
Thank you so much to everyone that supported Season Three. We're back in March 2018- save the date 14-18th March 
A big thank you to everybody that came and helped to make Christmas decorations today! It was lovely to see you all. 
Off to a meeting/photo shoot with a new sponsor 
Queensland, I am coming to see you. I hope you'll come to see me. 
People who touch patient make change 
5.1 mi through the nabe. Yoga and some core work, too. Such a beautiful Autumn day. Have a great weekend! 
opening night is SOLD OUT but pls come to the others 
Looking for something to cheer you up ? 
In London, attending Healthwatch England's Enter and View training. I am sure the early start will be worth it.
First time I've sat down to reflect since beginning my journey with 
Thank you for your support of veterans and DAV, 
Happy children’s day ! 
We're looking for a Group Senior Web Developer to join our growing team! Know someone that might interested in this role? Please share or tag them below 
....just over 3 hours to go! 292,420 away from 15 million! COME ON EVERYONE! We can do this! PLEASE ALL get involved 
Throughly enjoyed the first half of 
Wishing you both a happy and peaceful married life ahead. 
Headed to 107 Grand Street hope to see you there! 
Another screening for ‘Guardians’ 3rd Dec at The Genesis Cinema in Mile End! 
Stopped by the Southern Christmas Show last night to explore and take snow requests 
Good morning & Happy Friday!! 
Here is the Kannada Remix 'cricket version' of 
