You're a good fella Stephen 
Full-time: Chelsea 3-1 Newcastle! Two goals from 
UNICEF is thrilled the bill extending paid parental leave to 
Wow...Qschool is a place where as a professional golfer you don’t want to go. It’s brutal but you must fight, that’s what I’ve done all week and it turned out just enough 
 feast Dec 1st, Norwich. Delighted to announce confirmed sponsors 
Noel and Liam live with buds in hand 
Plenty of availability this Saturday night due to birthday party having to move their booking. We've got lovely food, lovely wine & a cosy little spot to come & enjoy a night out. Any RT's or more importantly bookings very much appreciated
Fantastic work - well done colleagues in 
Just listened to the Newstalk Interview on Listen Back, very informative as always 
Good point about the actress who r on reality shows dissing other reality shows 
Thanks to everyone for all the goodwill messages regarding my retiremant, greatly appreciated 
Giving Boat Rocker CEO John Young big 
It'd be my honor to do so. Steve squared. 
2 scooters were recovered along with class A drugs with a street value of £££s. 
Thanks for keeping the seats warm 
Thanks Dale. Thrilled to be in Washington DC
ALL the beers & ALL the boyz & girls (just out of shot 
Pop on a Santa suit, leg it round Oxford and raise some cash for the smashing 
Check out Installer Online for a little surprise... 
They are always attending our games. A couple made in heaven 
It’s time to pick out some toys! Thanks, 
“What if birds aren’t singing, they’re screaming?” - hauntingly beautiful performance from the utterly unique 
Want a great family day out? Why not take the kids to 
Some exciting news from Àròn 
Find out how our Families on our Doorstep project has made a difference to resident Krystina's life 
Morning Glenn, Evening Rob 
Get.  Your.  Podcast. On. With 
 amazing tour today with guide Eric who showed us theatre secrets and renovation disasters 11/10 want to go on Act 2 
Nice to hear Rhys Tyler of 
HIGHLIGHTS from a big Senior Day win for the Rams 
No fight taken - all good fun 
I genuinely think one of the best upgrades 
 huge congrats to all staff who pledged for 
I'll be up in Aberdeen at the fantastic 
 Vinnies provides free Hot Meals & drinks to those in Need every Tuesday 11-2, Newcastle pls RT help us to spread the word. 
Make sure you set a reminder for the third episode of 
Tomorrow I’ll be doing my bit for Cash for Kids! Help them by donating below 
Great to meet you all today, your most welcome 
Really enjoyed Dr John's & Natalie's insightful 
BBQ66/17: Texas Style Beef Ribs - Updated Blog Post: 
Great to see places like 
Thanks for sharing! Great to see a customers new 
As the campaign approaches activity is increasing. 42,000 impressions over past 2 weeks
I have just joined Richard racing club good to see he is getting ready for next season. I am so looking forward to the racing club
On the first day of Christmas my stinger gave to me 2 burglars in a stolen Audi. great teamwork 
If our Bowling Master Class needed any motivation for the session, a quick visit from 
Check out our new HydRegen YouTube channel!Would love some likes for our animation about our research and 
We have been talking about who we can talk to and who will give us a helping hand if we are feeling sad 
I think this biography would give a great insight into various confessions! All the best Nick.
Congratulations Chris!  Well deserved 
Jason’s first Friday bacon roll sale was a sell out! 
Our Early Entry Packs full of great Cycle goodies from 
I’m finding GP is a great place to innovate ! 
Glad to help and keep us posted on how you're getting on 
 hooked to the lyrics, the story, the video.. Actually to everything in 
An R modeling language for convex optimization problems 
An amazing and unique auction prize! Thanks 
Play Unified today with the seniors leading down Social Dance. 
Support this fantastic fair this Sunday. One of the best Christmas fairs in Ceredigion 
Also Youn Hee Cho from 
Best of luck boys! 
"They wanted lots of new books! All different genres, styles and authors. Challenging material that made them think!" You're an inspiration 
Well you have to say it’s one of those....chuffed for you and the lad Jim 
As I've said before, no better woman! Well done Lizzie Lockett 
Finally got round to trying out 
 Thanks for the prints (and noticing my order error and sorting). Love them
Well played guys, really friendly club & great hospitality. Good luck in the next round and for the rest of the season 
Jimbo Fisher is wheels down in Aggieland 
Thanks to everyone who donated and worked our Pad and Tampon Drive today! 
She almost didn't want to take this picture but then she did and it turned out beautiful 
Excellent and should be accepted standard practice for all looked after young people 
Such a pleasure to be a part of this gorgeous event for 
Are you a regular zapper? Ride all week for £34 on Cityzap and all other 
More great news from Edinburgh Rugby as Scotland lock Ben Toolis extends his time in the capital 
This one’s for all the breastfeeding mummies out there... this knit with built in shirt is a dream! Have tagged where you can get it 
 I'd support anyone that wants to attend. 
Sir Derek has announced there will be no more Last Tango in Halifax. It was a real pleasure to be part of it. Thanks to 
Here's why you should check out FWD Maid Insurance! 
 This company have just given me superlative service when I had to have work done on a camera under guarantee, which I bought on line. I’d highly recommend them if you are considering buying any photographic equipment. 
Last chance of ticket for sold out gig at Surf Cafe tonight?? Deep.Sleep / Great Waves should be class 
Great to see the exciting Benie Des Dieux back in winning form at Carlisle 
It's all about small plates, cheese and meat boards and 
It was an awesome film. Learnt a lot on the concept of gentrification with my friend 
Sun 29th Oct fixtures: U7's away to 
Looking great, Angela 
Another TV brought back to life. 
Hammock lovers enter to WIN the 
Haven't meet anyone from 
Final game of the season for the boys, get down and support if you can.
Civic Trust have shortlisted our Tempest buildings by 
Awesome, only an hour away from me. 
A group of 37 racers woke up this morning knowing they get to take the green in the most iconic race of all short track racing this afternoon....take pride in that!
I’d say it’s been a wonderful day
Grab a fresh hair cut and beard trim ready for @viking_bikes shoot next week up in Manchester. Looking forward to it! 
Our BR AP science students dissecting squid specimens at 
BBQ117/17: Sausage Rolls - New blog post now up: 
Just finalised the evidence briefing for our 
Good Morning everyone, this is 
Absolutely !!  Saved a fortune thanks....compared your prices to eBay, Amazon & Sports Direct - saved between  £15 and £50 per pair !! Hopefully these will last longer than the  3 months sons footie boots did b4 he outgrew them.....lol.
Thanks for all your fundraising everyone! 
Not sure what to do next year? ↣ ↣ ↣ Pick up a 
Look who came to Kardinia Park to celebrate tickets going on sale for the BBL Double Header!Get your tickets now
Vulnerable and suicidal misper located in the east of the county. Many thanks to 
I'm at NYCC at the Essential Sequential booth in Artists Alley.  See you there!
Great to have a Stags presence on the show, after all, Nottinghamshire's a three club County. 
P2/3 were using QR codes on Thursday, they were very excited to hear you were using them at SLF on the same day! 
 .....this is for a great cause! 
 What a compelling production, one that I intend to see again. Grease Musical is indeed Grease Magical
£700 raised today from these golfers/friends for my son charity, Ronald McDonald housing.  Cheers boys 
Wowza! Is that lobster? Great job everyone! 
Thank you. Nick. Happy to receive your review.
Thank you Michael!! 
Training tonight 6 30pm up at the ground. If your 18-80 you will do, all welcome 
Thanks for the blog post Claire 
100 up for the season! Warlike Intent wins well at 
Thank you so much for the support & equally we’re right behind you with the excellent work you’re doing for 
Don't forget to follow 
Great Wildcat win 4-2 to go 1-0.   Big night as smith first varsity win in nets, Braun first Varsity Goal, JoJo first JV goal, New Manager Eric win #1, and coach 200 Wildcat Wins
Another great accolade for ex-pupil 
Join us this Sunday for the Activity Trail starting at 9am at the Leisure Centre 
Would you be interested in mystery shopping some of our services? Join our citizens panel...you can find out more information by clicking the link below 
Will be good Paul! Look forward to seeing you there
Mrs Innes was in town and took some photographs of Mya's winning Winter Window design which is displayed at St Giles.
Frank's good to go 
And here is the lucky winner, making the most of her prize before the festivities begin 
'Pretending' to be gay in another Broadway show!?!? I'm in 
CNBC "Do you take some 
The joy these bring to people is unprecedented. 
It’s FREE DAY at the Flint Children's Museum until 5 PM! I’m here til 2 with the prize wheel 
That is fantastic - thanks for the support Dr Lucy Rodgers' neighbour! 
Also special mention to the referee today on exchange from Sri Lanka with 
Cracking day recording a live session for 
All set for a great night with 
All change on the cask front with 
I mean, I know TECHNICALLY having a seat a little higher up would be better if I was calling tonight's 
Delightful film 'Espeto Corrido' by Felipe Da Peroni 
To read why we exist and to view our open letters please visit our website 
Thank you to everyone who braved the cold weather to come & say hi at our Grand Opening Event. It was lovely to hear so much positivity & thank you also to 
Our street team & 
The ticket shop for the 2018 Euro Pro Tour is now open at  
Long way down mate. Southampton 
That's what we like to hear 
As we're approaching the end of 2017 ,i would like to extend my extreme thanks and gratitude to 
Our social media page has loads of links to explore, including tips for academic tweeting, academics to follow, tools to use and how to do an academic blog 
Affiliated clubs can apply for a loan from us at Somerset FA to make improvements! 
It's black, stiff and light! Dura Ace 9100 chainset £259 
Great job carried out by Chris at Specialist Lake Services! 
It's a 3 coat job out here today!! Not stopping the boys cracking on though 
Ealing Ladies hold on to the top of the league with a 2-1 win.  
Grace and james were the highest finishing dyfed athletes in the u13 age group and rhys 2nd highest finishing dyfed athlete in this group! 
More creative and defensive midfielders who lead & manage emergent tactical & complex situations identified through an integrated measure of human need in real time.  Less wingers more retention of possession (in our communities) .We need 
Well done to 1A4 - your volcano models are fantastic! 
A fantastic away win for the ladies yesterday and a 25 yard screamer and first goal for Sophia Sands 
Unfortunately our Tuesday tour will not be running today, due to illness - but feel free to come and see us on Friday or Sunday instead 
Guys beginners class starts Tuesday 7th November 17.30 at Alexandra park WA10 3TP be good to see some new faces 
We're the official yogurt of Irish Rugby, that means all players 
Our City of Culture video is ready for viewing. Thanks to the pupils and staff involved. 
Canada - time to move from 
Say hello to us this Sunday from 12pm - 4pm at 
CUP ACTION TOMORROW!We take on 
wow, well done you marieke, srsly :-)
We're after excellent people to get stuck in with our street food shenanigans. Email CV to feastfeastfeast@outlook.com 
3 nil tonight against Basildon in the essex senior cup and now In the 1/4 final Basildon players and fans should be proud, all were brilliant tonight 
Sad to know whats going on in over Pakistan between Govt & religious scholars strike starting from 
"The Scientific Society Publisher Alliance (SSPA) is dedicated to identifying and disseminating vital scientific research, by scientists for science." Nice one 
Check to see if you qualify, and if you do, apply. 
Funny. Beautiful.  Super 
15 days until 8pm sunsets!25 until Figawi! 51 until summer!64 until July 4th!
Pro tip: Take a power nap before watching the game 
Thanks Cheggers ... All Ireland Night Owl 11 a side Champs , beaten Euroepean Finalists dame year as well I remember ... 
Big thank you to Phil Taggart for playing Henry Green's 'Stay Here' on BBC Radio 1 last night! Listen from 1:24 
Artwork for @shindiggerbrewingco's Mango Unchained, a session IPA with mango and pineapple 
Scrub 6 double up on 7 
Please send your questions to challenges(at)
Aw! We’re glad to help 
Sage thoughts and some interesting data points 
Thanks Scott, glad you enjoyed it. Let us know how your team gets on with them 
London, off to this tonight. Let's have beers 
Amazing Points Race victory by Zoe Backstedt in Girls Future Stars 
Our Kinman is the ultimate home cinema sofa, with a manual recliner to put your feet up and relax in style! Available now for only £599 
A simple 5.30 to 6.30am ride in the suburbs..early mornings in Mumbai are a pure bliss for cyclists like me..can cover a lot of ground quickly n safely!
Wow! Big thanks Tracey, I really appreciate your support for 
Keep up the good work! 
Having fun with this! Just need to add your face :D 
National round 1 complete. Thanks to 
Q: What word sums up the following? Gets things done, empathetic, professional, team player, caring? FIREFIGHTER. Recruitment open today.
We love your work McK. and look forward to more 
Congrats to Taylor Funk - this week's 
Something new has come in!! And we’re dead pleased !!!!! Well done 
Just one of another 26 great energy saving projects completed by the team 
Excellent insight in this programme, so much I never knew about The Duke, proper good chap 
It's our fabulous Pitman Magazine cover star Becky! 
Lovely but moody morning for a piece of work up 'Back of the Hill' 
Women's economic empowerment is a priority for growth 
The 2017 award winner is Steven Thomson - The Homeless Barber 
All set for AACUTE course Lanark Lady Home DN & Comm Hosp nurses, Good feel steady 
agree...so many champions and leaders ready to go and an educated multi professional workforce 
 Shame the championship has gone for you now but enjoy the rest of the weekend mate you'll be back for an even stronger 2018! 
Glasgow 2008's first ever game v 
Well done Colin....
 media city are delighted to have partnered up with 
I'm rooting for you Marc - Ireland's Aquanaut 
Our Crown Jewels from the family of 
 I really love you're music, you're very talented. I have a playlist with pretty much all your songs. Keep up the great work
Paul grew up a Chelsea supporter, but always wishes his old team’s well. Top man he is.
Yup, as suspected, there’s some great stuff in here. 
Big up for playing 'So What' on 
Awesome, awesome, awesome 
News: Our game against 
Cheers mate.... 
Happy 60th Birthday to my first hero growing up 
Love it!!!! Thanks 
Have you checked out our Facebook page yet? Remember to click 
 dulcet tones coming over the tannoy whilst we marshal 
We're super excited for 
Try hulms bakery. They have the best meat pie and choc donuts. 
Great Power Plate mention in 
A great night ,thank you 
This is how I started my day:a nice kraft bag from Kigali,full of interesting products.
She’s got a great future! 
Herbalife Nutrition..Fit Families Fest.. 
 thank you for my DELISH Brie & onion tart, gorgeous coffee & wonderful service! Love girl with hoops 
Wow 2 years ago us and Dean Anthony Pratt head to head lol 
Team Kit 2018 - Team and kit looking good 
Time to submit some NC1s for some awesome leaders! 
We were able to snag a tour of the Amazon Alexa Smart Life Roadshow trailer from 
Pudsey says pay ya taxes 
Good luck to our very own Adelaide MacConnell who's been shortlisted for 
Classes Today 1115-12noon @ St Johns Falls Rd & 310-4pm / 415-5pm @ Glengormley Pavilion, Its FUN FUN FUN !!!! 
IT'S ALWAYS GOOD
 Archie won the Carmarthen round of the Welsh junior tour today. 
Agree it was a fantastic day listing to so much great work and projects 
Congratulations to Pc Joseph Collins from 
Nice to see some of the Admirals U14s down today cheering on the lads 
Kristian Ame is certainly one of the very best around...and I for one cannot fucking wait for tmro night 
YES, YES & DAMN YES!! 
DJ Lamont is in the garden 8-11pm for delicious disco, classic dance, house, nujazz & soul music 
So pleased to see theatres having their say 
Looks amazing !!! MUD products available at Essential Beauty in Hartswater 
Phenomenal Big 10 sale + tons of amazing milestones for our young 
Thank you, TGC. An entry takes approximately 4 minutes! 
Gutted that weather forecasters beat the police for public trust when I find that simply looking out the window is more effective 
 This is the future of fashion! 
This is what happens when you try to cook Thanksgiving dinner while listening to 
Check out some of our favourite videos from Assassin's Creed Origins that you've shared with us!  Keep them coming 
Thank you, obrigado for all your kindness on the great news 
With just 1 more day to go and over a 3 hour lead Dion is all smiles at the end of Stage 5
FREE TEACHER TRAINING available to all schools in Cornwall. 
A great training session tonight 
Happy birthday mixed grill! Have a good one mate
Just a reminder to those who signed up, Chef Matt Darch 
Come on, you know you want to 
Thank you for all the kind words and support baby and moma is healthy 
goes to sf momatakes a selfiehasn't cried yet today 
Fingers crossed for a Bradford win. Good luck to the bantams today
I loved the photoshoot for "Conscious". Check out the booklet art 
45,262 pieces of plastic litter picked up to date! Please help us reach half way! If you do any litter picks then let us know!! 
Test fitting of the wings and bonnet
We already can't wait for the next 
Have no regrets people, go watch these bands, go, now, hurry, before they sell out 
Yes we would agree! 
Super, all the best team 
“I’m sure 
Gutted by the result, but incredibly honoured to have received my 100 caps. Owe so much to so many people 
Well done England U17s winning the football 
LIVERPOOL AMATEUR BOXING : Stephen Smith, Rotunda ABC.x 3 Schoolboy x 2 Junior ABA x 2 NABC x 2 Senior ABA x 2 Bronze Europeanx 1 Commonwealth Gold. Stephen is due to fight Francisco Vargas in Las Vegas in December becoming the 1st scouser to fight there in over 40 yrs
Amazing night, still smiling now
First item in my inbox this morning was this. Today will be a good day 
Looking to recruit? Just take a minute and look here. 
Six meetings, hundreds of people & plenty of mince pies - thanks to everyone who came along to our annual members' meetings. 
The e-wallet to get farm inputs to farmers by phone, from Nigeria, takes Africa by storm. Power of innovation. Congrats Cellulant! So proud
Beautiful pics taken by the amazing. 
Lol I didn't say only white people. And the subject was different atm so if you wanna talk about sexual harassment thats not my tweet buddy 
If you're free on 9th Dec, make your way to Sherwood Pines.See 
This special has reaffirmed that my ups, downs, faults, and triumphs HAVE to lead to something. Dream on, dreamers
Alex, parts apprentice 2017 
Make sure you're also following us on Facebook - 
Hey guys, please head over to my FaceBook page and give it a like 
Congrats Kaylee, on signing with Pitt State!  
Lol no worries. I would love to be cool enough to be that Shannon Miller. 
Will stream my FUT Champs this weekend, no facecam though 
Spent the entire journey back to Newport lisenting to the dulcet tones of 
Last weekend together with this guy in the 2016 GT Masters went well
Agree another great visit 
Competition time click on the link below ..Good luck
HaaaAy-350! Gotta love that tailcam: looks great in flight but also 
Created a new clip using 
Excellent umpiring from these girls tonight at the primary netball tournament 
Today's race is on NBC. The channel with the peacock. If you're watching the split screen broadcast, you're on NBCSN! 
 tweeps! Don’t burn the food 
Always a great day when you start a season campaign with a new squad. 
VOTE RIGHT NOW!Just post "
Great day. Great workshops 
Customer Service Assistant required at Shearwell Data HQ in Wheddon Cross.Please share 
You're welcome, hope you enjoyed the day 
Fantastic day for a wander to the best halfway house in the world 
I was there selling cheese. It was a super day and event 
Our boys and girls repping HARD! Well done 
A well deserved award to a very hard working team, congrats to all 
Can’t wait for the final Great British Spin Off tomorrow evening at the Lyric! What a thrill it’s been working with the charming & irresistible 
The day I can afford to not reply to the fans and supporters of charities of our game would be a sad day that I should no longer partake in it! 
Great space facts about the International Space Station 
Selston FC are delighted with their state-of-the-art lighting system, which will give them better flexibility when it comes to scheduling training and fixtures 
Great to see so many players and coaches braving the weather at 
Motivational chat on how to best use twitter from 
Our favorite former GO Girl leading the charge and breaking records... Our Athletes are top knotch 
At Glasgow North East Foodbank today. Amazing collecton from Barclays Bank. Thanks to Leeann and team.
Junior Development Programme!! Week 2 of our junior programme with Development Coach 
Up in the Big Smoke today.... beer time! First port of call 
Have you received a 5 star 
Huge thank you to everyone who contributed to 
Thanks for coming out! Love the support from you and the First Lady 
In the airport lounge ready for home unfortunately unable to announce (just yet) our final over seas target but will announce at 12 noon UK time the signing of an existing squad member 
Thanks Morag for offering support to our parents through your workshops today
Cracking day today stmargaretsgc for our turkey shoot . Weather 
Tks to Mrs Khan from the school for organising the parents session in which I covered drugs, cyber awareness as well as encouraging them to report crime via our website. My local authority colleague, Michelle on hand to support, next wk 
Pledge 1% has come so far! Ringing the 
 Archie will be representing the club in the Welsh junior tour in Carmarthen on Sunday. Wish him luck. 
We're up and running at Gweedore Celtic with the Club Mark Awards and 
Throw in a sofa and we're good 
You won’t get these sights inside. Get outside and enjoy the outdoors .....we do every day. 
So very true always be positive and forward thinking good things happen 
Successful turkey distribution with Councilmember 
Top man Clive, thank you for your support. And yes, it probably is! 
We are looking forward to shortly welcoming the 
We don't have to worry about the iOS "i" glitch bc we're a brand and the industry standard is to tweet using "we" 
 sooo funny great line up this year 
We're over the moon (pun totally intended) that our Lunar calendar won the 
Clay face!! 
Lucky enough to share a dairy fuelled breakfast with 
Considering the recent discussions about loneliness on twitter this is an excellent way of including lots of men in social activity 
Congratulation to all finalist and good luck to all. Excellent practices on show 
A guy that deserves to play in the premier league! Delighted for 
Five things to do at The O2 this summer from 
5 winners will be picked to win a pair of 
Sir Michael what a great trainer for so many years 
"Coming to Ireland was a breath of fresh air."
Good luck & best wishes Sylvan
This is BRILLIANT! So encouraging to see areas adopting an improvement approach built on constructive equal relationships with providers and the wider health and care system. 
Shooting 4-point shots w/ 
This Thursday is episode 20.  We're very excited to share it with you but as it's not too far from Xmas we thought we'd let you know about some VERY EXCITING plans we have for 2018.  SUBSCRIBE and you can hear it Thursday, yeah?  YEAH! 
So proud to be from this beautiful city    
Good show last night lads 
Sponsorship needed for the AFAN FEDERATION SUPPORT AND ACTION GROUP. £10 will buy these 2.5ftx5ft heavy duty banners. Your business text will be advertised on each banner from the Bwlch to M4 Sarn, and Port Talbot
The Magnificent Seven- it's suicide squad in the Wild West, but actually good mag7movie 
The ECB Roadshow on 24 October has been postponed until February! We will be running some local events in November! 
Last race for the Vantage GTE Pro this weekend. Many years of success and victories including a special 
Urban Fox sessions on as normal next week  at the usual times hope to see you all 
Check it out! BYC students are working in the studio 
Hey guys I’m on 
Friday / Scunthorpe...BIG !!! 
Tomorrow we give Simon a well-deserved day off and bring out the incomparable Sunday Jazz Roast. Mine's a leg of lamb 
We currently have 495 followers on Twitter, our 500th follower will receive a shout out and FREE season ticket to ALL HOME MATCHES. 
'Welsh Floury Batch' going into stores soon.  New product development (NPD) completed 
Wonderful starry night skies above my camp on my local fells last night. Clarity wasn't perfect but still stunning to behold in awe 
Tune in on 
Looking forward to tonight: Bach Reconstructed with 
 is a testament that good work takes time! So worth waiting for it! A big bouncy 
Thanks Julie, remember meeting you 
Pleasure is all ours, looking forward to the Varsity Shoot 2018! 
10 individuals will receive a pair of tickets to an event of their choice from Lakeside, Oldham, Portsmouth, Bristol or Brighton 
FANTASTIC STUFF - well done to 
Pls help this fantastic charity 
Frontside Friday Get Rad For Ray 2014 Super Fun in Memory of Ray Underhill 
My semi final prep is watching in car footage of 
Thornlie Community Achievements celebrated at assembly this morning: footballers of Wishaw. 
Today we were out with Kieran, Lauren, Andrew & Shannon from 
Love this! Well done gang 
Looks good Tim! Our favorite weather guy! 
Another mini-thread worth reading! 
We KRP would love to be that British Team to give 
Put me down Claire £125....I don’t do EBay ...
Paradiso was another level last night! Flight home on 1 hour's sleep begins 
Thanks for the great write-up of the day 
Thanks and of course, Josh ... sharing is a huge part of social, business and life. 
Had some pretty epic weekends last couple years 
Second hand tankard for sale, exclusive to 
Another great win for the Vikings!  
Perf tip: Stop using babel-preset-es2015. It's deprecated.Use babel-preset-env instead. The env preset only transpiles the features that your target browsers don't support.Result? Smaller bundle. 
Solid day it sounds like, exactly what 
A galaxy far far away they’re using 
Another high standard tonight at the NW Active Schools Dance show. Really proud of the great performance from 
Just wanted to say thank you to everyone for their very kind comments after a nights sleep and a day of rest I'm feeling a bit better.
That is awesome!Fab 
Album launch sets are now up c/o 
A fantastic total of 241 records were received during September! As always, a big thank you to all who are out there recording Agromyzids 
Wow. Fantastic dishes. The plates aren't bad either 
Two thumbs up for two happy ladies
 from Dec15...this is one film a lot of positive write ups in social media from people who had seen. Waiting to see another interesting new age film from the Team. Best wishes 
Well done to the guys playing today at the 
Well done NJ you beauty 
Mike, you look sharp in that  Dodger baseball cap
The Class of 2013 is definitely one of the best classes to ever go through Schuylerville. 
Use JFrog Artifactory (
Time to start another race season 
Who is starting startups? Where? Why? How are Aussie startups funded? It's all here in the 2017 
 I don't see any washers or gorilla tape on our new 
Bro your work speaks. For  the talented 
All the hard work has paid off 
You have to see this band live big love to 
Need a fall sport poster for your school? Email us at sportposterswag@gmail.com to get a quote! 
I like this. Vocals remind me of Gorkys a bit. Guitar solo a bit Mascis then Grandaddy 
Stop press!!  Congratulations  
Well done to our learning team on winning a 
These guys are really good... even too much
 to our fantastic associates who are taking part in the Bristol 10K today 
A entire tribute festival of 90s indie! 
Get near your wireless and listen to past 
Did you know... the H&Is contain 21% of Scotland's social enterprises but only 9% of the nation's population? ScotGrad has supported some fantastic SEs to find the best graduate & student talent 
Baker . . . Butcher, what a combo 
Drag Flick Session before Kent Derby against Holcombe. Nice weather and top pitch
Amazing work guys - well deserved nominations! Good luck 
Very much liking the look of that 
You Lads deserve enormous Credit !! Great to see you being recognised , Suits look smart too 
Perfect supper, really pleased 
7 fabulous pledges from Hannah and her clinical coding team 
A timely paper. Thank you 
 some great looking dishes coming out of the 
We now have 280 characters to tell you how awesome Ultragrime are. Let's go: they are huge, stay wet for up to an hour out of the packet, cut through oil and grime with ease, remove silicone, alcohol free, kind on hands tough on grime, have we convinced you yet? 
It's our pleasure to have you on-board, as always 
Sandwich finished, parts ready. 
Very proud of our former PhD student & now Doctor 
Gutted about the result but great to make my 
Great care this morning as expected at 
Tune in now, LIVE from Alder Hey 
 met you on the road today near Puerto Rico! You said hello which made my day!! 
Got my transport sorted from the NEC car park to the halls. No disease bus at Motorcycle Live for me.Just need to add some stickers 
Taking Spark 6.0 (design updates + Bootstrap 4) for a spin this morning. Looking good. 
Thanks Kenny I appreciate it 
Final 1200sq down. All bunkers complete plus 2 tees (9th and 15th) turfed. Great effort by all my lads plus volunteers. 
Well done to all. Great result! 
TICKETS: Fans can now buy tickets to our away trip to 
It was fantastic to watch part 1 & 2 tonight! & Million bazillion THANK YOU ALL for risks you're taking for the sake of exploring the Space.
"I'm not afraid to admit that I cried a few times."
Loving my 3D printed fish from 
New look website with lots of info 
Are you looking for the Perfect Gift for the triathlete who has everything?Why not give them a years Home Nation Membership where they can benefit from being insured while they train and receive exclusive discounts from our Partners 
Get in! COYR!!! 
Subdivision Infinity got a Let’s play on the 
Thanks for all the RT'S you're helping others along the way 
It's half way through the 24hrs challenge and 
Little father daughter bonding while momma gets some sleep, hopefully all get to go home today 
Dropped the casks off today for this and there'll be a cracking range to choose from. Get along, it should be belter 
Looking forward now to a new challenge with 
Great inspiration man! 
Even on the worst days, you can count on Jac Naylor to stand up for what's right 
Any Scot Young Carer groups registering? Do it soon
Great pic, love the 
Off to a great start today. Abstracts accepted for 
BBQ121/17: Thanksgiving Turkey - New blog post now up - 
 preparing for a quick 15 min service! 7 stages before we're back! Big day ahead 
Ah lads, how am I gonna explain all of this to her in the morning? Thanks to all for the shed gifts 
Outstanding!! Very enjoyable to watch 
It's the best feeling in the world when you get paid for doing the things you love.. fantastic show at 
Also, some sort of barista qualification would be ideal... 
  <--- Last night in Bucharest 
Thanks guys, good luck for the rest of your season, two very enjoyable and close fixtures 
Great new partnership to announce with 
 Congrats Stanley!Here's to many more years of success 
Also as the modern scene develops with places that are passionate about beer like 
Always nice to see your work online
The word is out... thanks 
This made me smile, Dan. Cheers
Some great stuff in the pipeline! 
Some pre-game words of wisdom from 
Amazing achievement! Well done girls and Miss BS. 
Couldn’t make it today myself. But well done to all that was involved 
Feel good food on the menu at 
146 Lovable AppExchange Apps at 
I havebeen invited back to the Finders Masters in December to retain my title 
Very cool visual summary of a lecture I gave this week to MIT Exec Ed done by Kelvy Bird 
All the best for Saturday, team - go get ‘em! We’re super proud to be supporting such a great team and club 
Don't forget that we are closed tomorrow due to an event. We will be open on the 3rd November as usual. Apologies for any inconvenience. 
The fantastic Dinah Rose QC of 
Another County hurling title. Minors are county league champs
Online entries for this years 10k will close at midnight on Thursday 8th June. Plenty of on the night entries left though 
The prize draw is now closed. Thank you very much to all those who entered  the competition. The winner will be chosen from the draw later today!  Good Luck!! 
Saves on saves & now he's up for 
How about this for morning practice? A 
Leslie listens while working in the North Coast of Canada, in the Arctic — wow!!!
Have a great last day Ladies !! One of the best new British musicals for decades . So sorry you are closing . Have fun 
Good day at the office all round today 
Midnight ham sandwiches! 
East Coast Games Conference - 2017 - 
 Don't forget you can pick up your 'Bradley shirt' at today's game and support 
Does anyone in the Heath area fancy taking over this official Heath twitter account? I’m unable to dedicate the time deserved these days. 
Thanks for your support Nell! 
What a year for female footy! Thanks to all of the ladies who have played across our 
Glad to see the sisters come together!!!
Not long to go now. Come down and see us and support your local community. Any help will be massively appreciated 
Born on this day in 1874 in our home village of Chirk, United and Wales legend Billy Meredith 
The results are in. Oxford Brookes is still ranked the highest in the UK for hospitality management education and 11th in the world. A fantastic achievement! 
 a small business I found wonderful to shop in is Back On The Rack. It has gently used children's clothing, toys, etc. They are in southeast Denver. Give them a try
You can go to to vote for me as the rookie of the year on here : 
Loved working with Bob as he always had his act together, and could handle anything thrown his way. Much love & respect for him!
The hawking menace is intense, deeprooted & severe. Well written article by 
Hey well done to you, that is a fantastic achievement 
P4b enjoyed their trip to the National Gallery & produced some fantastic art-work themselves too! 
Searching for coffee round Eindhoven 
Loz’s Edinburgh crowd shot! As the UK tour ended on Tuesday, it’ll be quieter while the band take a well earned rest. Aberdeen and that awesome Glasgow show with Mogwai coming up mid-December, tickets as ever at 
 fantastic meal, sooooooo tasty! My non veggie friends were blown away 
From 1973: "When you get to the park, pay close attention to teen-age third baseman George Brett of Omaha. His potential is exciting"Good call!
Just Landed at Heathrow..Off now till Friday and then to the Grand Slam
Well done Hannah - all of 
Heard lots of cool science vocabulary & concepts @ UCPS GT Academy today as students made Crystal Ornaments as part of their Holiday Labs...crystal formation, solubility, unit cells-crystal lattice
Thanks to everyone for the kind messages regarding my retirement from riding ! Here’s to the next chapter , looking forward to it 
Great opportunity to become part of a movement to make our town more Dementia friendly 
Now that's what I call a after noon tea, they look great chef chris 
Police Cadet training today at Force HQ. Excellent course delivery by Jo Green from 
Searching for the perfect fall transition piece? Try an embroidered jacket 
When you run a training camp with BMX riders from 17 different countries... You have to be creative to deliver a message!
Any aspiring goalkeepers interested contact details at the bottom of page look forward to seeing you 
Delighted to have signed a professional contract for 
Safari over & now it’s time to conquer the Mountains around Cape Town 
Yh man its the right one
This Friday we're supp 
There will be prizes and giveaways at these shows, stay tuned for lineup details. 
Congratulations!!! 
You may call it the chefs counter, but we like to call it the best seats in the house 
I thought your new office looked fantastic 
This afternoon we spent a while on the playground because of a faulty fire alarm sensor. Everyone is safe & the children were excellent! 
All the best to everyone involved in tonight's 
Nice buy, 2 nice Redwoods running this weekend at Ballarat & Kilmore. And we all know about Danehill mares 
Exciting things happening in the theatre today for 
Waow! Im loving watching this come together!
Day 2 of Robotic lists in Theatres 
 song shoot has begun Today onwards..
 I am most impressed with my Widening Access travel mug. It keeps my morning cup of tea extremely hot. Thank you. 
Tonight at 6pm I put the 2 litre 
Great hosting these guys today! 
Just one of many great moments from 
Great to involved!! 
Peter O'Dowd football comp at St.William of York L23 9XH. Starts at 1.15 finish 3.30. Parents are welcome pls park in church opposite. 
Massive pride for our great friends 
Fantastic launch night for the new 
What an amazing amount Kerry 
At a house party last night the (heino drinking) lads reckoned that out of the 8 beers I had 
Game day tmrw! My tape has been silenced, along with other rugby players in the world, but our freedom of speech still remains 
Hope all today's visitors have a fantastic 
Well done to Lily and Dean who brought in batteries and stamps which will be recycled. Great stuff guys 
"He knows he has Milan's first team in his hands" 
We're looking forward to Nether Edge Farmers Market 
Special thanks to Nigel and the fantastic teams 
Today marks the start of our next fab 25% off deal to get you ready for Christmas! We have 25% off all New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc! (T&Cs apply) 
Donald my friend, this is what we callThe snowflake media generation. Just you keep putting a roof over my head and I’m happy. Thanks Donald. 
It’s The Last Session Of The Fantastic Veterans Debate Training Project Tonight! Massive Thanks To The Students From 
@livingforlove82 LOVE IT!!!! CONGRATS!!! 
Wouldn't it be great if everyone kicking their heels waiting for 5pm to come around re-tweeted this little beauty to run the clock down? 
 thank you for keeping this alive! Need to get the show on the road. 
 Ben for taking time out to inspire our current students 
A great idea. 
Train home for Christmas. Booked.It means I can go to Leicester City v Manchester United 
Oh look, our mates 
The wait is finally over! Here are the Steelbacks 
My office! Working for tv today 
We are so proud of our ladies at Tesco Hereford Bewell Street  completing 
Thank You for your amazing support today 
You know, 20 years ago, typing with just your thumbs would be insane. 
Dominating performance boys! Congrats on your 100s. Congrats on your 11th 100 
Fryston warriors under 14s are still looking for sponsors for the off field kit. Any help would be fantastic in what is gonna be a great season 
I really enjoyed the modern décor, chic design and vibrant art 
Check-out the Men's Zwift Academy Final - told by 
Have a fab day here at City Hall 
Who's all watching new episode of IRT tonight?? Always missing BIG D with every haul on the ice
Walking Football for the over 50s in London at a Playfootball centre near you 
Looking to find the perfect property in Leeds?  Then check out 
Over 50 ?live in London?  You can hit the back of the net at your local Playfootball centres Walking Football session 
Give the gift of baseball this holiday season while saving money!
Cricket protein bars: Yay 
 Take a deep breath, bio-friend. 
Bryce says he got in contact with all of our draftees before they arrived at the club 
Army & Air Force ROTC Awards Ceremony. Clemson military programs offer significant opportunity, richness & impact 
Can't wait looks another great task be good to see how it goes 
The crowds are starting to disperse as people head home from 
Ah thanks Donna. Was a lovely gig with a top Crewe crowd! 
Great effort from this very youthful squad, all but 2 under 19..
 yummy lunch of items bought at the 
Guess where we are? Getting ready at 
One WARNING for all those who're going to watch 
Another excellent turn out for our positive action recruitment. Great effort and enthusiasm from everyone. Thanks 
Whoop whoop Tee is at the ready 
If you liked our track "louder" that we played with 
Sidney Crosby being Sidney Crosby 
Absolutely wonderful and no rules sewing is fantastic. I am the very proud owner of two of 
Thanks a mill guys - that sorts it 
It was a beautiful evening with "Nepal In Data". Thanks to 
Love at first sight! Welcome Jon Meade Huntsman IV 
 That means the building is about ready for its CAPS created Media desk!  We can hardly wait to finish off our project
This is what makes perfect sense! 
Awesome stuff!!!Super guts from 
EDUCATION | Bravery & confidence on the ball this morning from 
Verified great dev! 
Looking for an Audience Development Executive to join the social team at 
Great to have you and to see more AHP's using accredited US training to improve clinical practices and patient care 
A huge thank you to Anthony and Angela from 
FT: Keighley 2nd’s 5 Wharfedale Dev XV 17 - great result lads 
Proud of you and what you are doing with Ikorodu kids. Will do all I can to support you. Kudos
We're LIVE on Sky Sports Action (407) for another NFL triple-header, and with a new guest, 
Tye is a number one jockey in my opinion a very intelligent rider 
Good World Cup draw today for 
New craft ale venue 
'Best ever modern comfort food dishes' in latest 
Not sure, Donny but will let you know how Tom gets on
Best thing I’ve read today... 
Great move for Ollie Wood. Hope to see him racing Rapha Nocturne for 
Solid start. Great to be up and running with a win. 
Carnival season might be over for 2017 BUT here's a date for your calendar to cheer you up! 
I have written a Medium post that is scheduled to be published automatically after my talk with lots of juicy details. 
Great seeing to coached athletes 
Not been easy but Well worth it. Fantastic effort by all 
A huge thank you to this year's sponsors for allowing the production of the videos, the website or the printable materials! 
Hope you all had a good day out! 
"When I first arrived in Ibiza, there was a free spirit to it. Both the Island and the people had an offbeat wonkiness going on, which I feel in Ramsgate"Jim Breese bigging up Ramsgate 
The Salty Caper will be closed Thursday, November 23rd for Thanksgiving. Thank you and Happy Holidays everybody!
Very good song! I like 
All training still at holyrood same days and times ...if anything changes with any age group we will notify parents . Please share 
 Another (infrequent) random reminder for what it’s worth: this standard, average and indistinct member of the public fully supports our doctors and NHS - thank you for everything you do 
 What a solid brew! On the second pint! 
It's tough to read but it's a story that needs to be heard. Support our friend 
Thank you Steven, great feedback for our local staff 
Open mic running order will be up outside E102 in the morning 
Saw 2 amazing bands tonight 
The best parking space for 
G.0.A.T Media's O-FFiCiAL "Logo"Like = 
When the new CA brings a morale package up to a wet clay shooting day for the troops 
And the winner of our FUEL Junior Golf competition is James Nash 
Happy birthday to striker Joe Peacock 
My apologies... sorted 
This is tremendous....well done guys! 
After....the colour one! 
Just this..... how will you respond to someone telling you they're 'not ok' - if you're not sure then join us on 4th Dec 
Magnificent to see Faugheen is back
Well done guys keeping the humour and raising local profile in a positive way 
Not all heroes wear capes, some have towels too 
MATs are not just about collaboration but should enable school improvement to be done ‘better and more cheaply’ 
Live with Arma 3: Exile....in Chernarus!Come and chill 
Really pleased to see a champion of true 
Scrappy game, but a good win. Well done 
Greylags wearing red neck collar NJB and NJC currently viewed from Ligham 
The new guy has arrived! 
Remember to book your tickets for this year's 
Well done to all 380 finishers yesterday who braved the cold to join us.  Thanks to Piranha triathlon club for joining us & providing such pleasant volunteers.  See everyone next week - keep up good habits in December 
Playing 2nd XV rugby? No need for cancelled games with new, flexible approach. Every club needs a 2nd team 
Massive achievement for 2 players from d one club 
Just meet the lovely people from 
Looking for a main sponsor. Brilliant package on offer including 30 mins playing time against the legends and table at the Q&A Dinner with a legend at your table 
This was an awesome session. Origin Story is going to be amazing 
Disappointing result for 1st team Saturday losing 3-1 against pwll in west wales missed chances and mistakes cost us! Good luck in the next round 
This is important for everyone...please follow the link and sign the petition 
It was time to empty some of our planters today in 
Great players of two music together 
So very well done Craig; richly deserved; congratulations 
If anyone needs a golf lesson or entertainment for something give this bloke a call 
A scientific study that measures how much people emotionally identify with Lord Voldemort is definitely a study that we can get behind 
“No cloud company on Earth aligns more precisely w/ that new model than Microsoft” > u confirmed this in ur 
Happy birthday to my dearest sister 
Great stuff oonagh well done 
All services are up and running again, the attacks are still persisting though, check out 
Making serious progress today on "Needle and Thread" for 
Join us for our web chat tomorrow evening, to chat to 
Congrats Stratford Debate! Good luck at State! 
We'd love to have you out, 
Cracking effort from our CTC team today against 
What a successful journey all over the world after the 150th 
Happy 174th birthday to Gertrude Jekyll! Thanks to 
A cool thing: I don't want to use the Equal Pay Day hashtag because every other time I have I've been harassed my men for doing so 
I wouldn’t call if burly, but count me in
If you’re in South London, drop in on Small Print Books on Davids Road, Forest Hill. They have an amazing selection of really beautiful childrens’ books. 
Thai Panang Chicken Curry get some this Sunday 
Follow us on SnapChat !!
And Sunday Roast is served
Great effort..... We will be popping along. 
 nice result today from a bit of a scrappy game..thanks to everyone who says hello and gives me old man a let on in his wheelchair gets his confidence up..thanks
What an incredible, funny, emotional season!We'll see you next year, thanks for watching 
The course looks in great shape, keep up the good work 
Teddy is back !!! Safe and sound. A big thanks to our recovery team. Great job 
Tanning bed is up and running and I didn’t even get electrocuted 
Corofin manager Kevin o Brien when asked what’s the secret to their success “ it all begins in our primary schools, the coaches,parents and schools all buy into it” . Simple but most effective way 
A good review goes a long way!!!
Is there such a thing as too much Tag? 
Delighted that we will be involved in the pilot scheme for 
stream chat said he looked like a Stando and I lost my damn mind b/c it's true 
Writing/recording session! Rocking vocals ! 
Enjoying days like this is one thing but sharing ‘em with your daughter is simply wonderful 
Hi, please spread the word to Gateshead Carers,Vinnie's Cafe every Tuesday Free Hot Meals11-2 in a Lovely Friendly environment all welcome 
Stoked for a weekend of climbing at the ice wall tomorrow 
9 mark questions for dummies! Booklet containing tips/advice on how to nail the 9 mark q's in the exam 
Great breakfast this morning. Thanks to 
You’re welcome. Shame more firms don’t help their clients explain the benefits to potential clients. People value how you make them feel about their money and video testimonials do that so much better than text. 
*fully. NOT "illy". What's "illy"?  
Over 1.2 Million Views For 
Played a great game today Zaki. Should be proud of your performance 
Well done to Stuart Moyles with his new number one selling Album. It's always a pleasure working with this guy 
Well done to everyone who Shortlisted & also those that didn't. I've just been looking through the entries & the quality this year is absolutely stunning. 
And I’m reading the definitive guide in your 2018-2019 Guide which my partner very kindly bought me (and one for herself).  It’s a wonderful read. 
Swabs arrived within days 
Great testimonial - thanks 
Great to have you and your guests with us today Derek. 
It's official! 
NEWS | Season Ticket sales are already up 12% on last season 
"Thornhill refuses to be anything but the perfectly conceived and exquisitely executed story that it is" - fantastic feature review from 
Eduardo Berizzo: Sevilla coach reveals cancer following draw with Liverpool - now that’s a united team 
Nice bro' ! 
The weather might be bad outside but our HVP Operators Course is still in full swing 
 November sunrises have been pretty sweet so far, couple days left though...Here's a couple sweets from this month.
Action from today’s game - thank you to Ali for making the journey to play Dom 
We’re thrilled to introduce Kacey Duffey, Student of the Year for Scotland! 
What a great event the NXT War Games was last night top to bottom. Hats off to the Coaches, talent, & everyone that added their touch!
Here’s the new episode of Culture Fear that I recorded and mixed. Check it it’s cool 
Looking forward to it, along with 
 A few words from Ashes opener 
Shaved my chest and gut. Look heaps more cut/defined 
Do you love this trio as much as we do? We're giving away 2 bobblehead sets!Just RT for a chance to win. 
Thanks guys, proud to wear your logo 
And That’s How You Do It 
Cheers to Murray and Sam from great, local business 
So pleased to wake up to this news! Well done 
Started this last night. Brilliant. And a bitter sweet reminder of those loved and lost by 
DID YOU KNOW: During the 2017 season, 
Seeing the Okavango Delta in Botswana from a 
Unbelievable last day scoring under huge pressure - Congrats to you all 
 look what's coming to London. Put us on the list 
Love bringing my students with me to present!  These kids worked hard and nailed their part. 
A great read too ! 
Happy to launch the trailer of Nivin Pauly’s Tamil film  
6 proven ways to make your 
1st Team Result. Trent 5 - Bromsgrove 0 Well played Girls 
Apologies if anyone has had problems contacting us by email since last Friday, email issues now resolved 
Exciting stuff Jane, can’t wait to visit. 
MARK CROSSFIELD ANSWERING YOUR QUESTIONS I had loads sorry I couldn’t get to more 
Ggwp looking forward to play against them tomorrow in grand finals 
Great day in London thank you 
Good win for the year 8 rugby team against Wootton Park School in some very difficult conditions. Try scorers - Will C x5, Oscar L x2, Francis R, Finn Upton & Brad Timlin. Well done boys 
Big thanks to the 1600 that renewed their STs before early bird deadline. I know many more will purchase before season starts. Your support is much needed and appreciated don’t forget you can still buy and be entered into Toronto draw until 10th December 
Exactly a year ago today I had the honour of being told I’d been successful in my application to become a Trustee of 
"Finally, after years of chin stroking, Toronto has found the courage to do something bold about its commuting mess. Finally, it's coming to understand: cities that want to avoid strangling on their own growth have to change how they move people around."
Looking to expand your burgeoning business into Cornwall? We have a dedicated team that's on hand to offer all of the support, knowledge and expertise you'll need for your exciting expansion! 
Yes Louis, just finalising these and will be announced very soon! 
Watched a very funny movie. The Little Hours. One of those gem movies that you stumble upon. Great cast 
Final school on Ben’s tour for today is 
Some great work by residents in 
Look who I met this morning  in 
Thanks indeed, we really appreciate the support 
CUT GLASS KINGS - SHADOW OF YOUR LOVE 
A reptilicious 10/10 for Phreakin Booty Attacks... WHERE'S YOUR COMPUTER?? Nice one 
This year the Special Recognition Award 
Top effort. We keep on rolling 
Blood arranged Case closed !!! Thank you 
See us on @MustardTV tonight at 6 
Sexy cars. Long, flowing locks. A great video about an even better idea. This is the story of how 
Looking smart, Ladies 
Well it’s over then isn’t it! 
Good to see our latics lucky mascots back again. 
 is tackling the problem head on with local businesses sponsoring free healthy snacks. 
Just like this copy of our brand spamming new book we're closed tonight! Back open tomorrow to quench Thursday cocktails thirsts 
Just got confirmation from Whistler/Blackcomb that the mountain is opening for the ski season on November 19th!
You know who’s magic? Jesmyn Ward, National Book Award winner, that’s who. 
A great local event & opportunity next week: 23rd 
Congrats Jof. Great signing by 
This is our youngest grandson Cash! He is fearless and definitely a Norris. 
Our snow globe is busying up! Come and take your snaps, perfect for Christmas card making and completely free 
It would be hugely appreciated if this could be retweeted by as many people as possible!!.. Let's support to raise its awareness. 
You are more than welcome. Thank you for the 
Proud day for GRN, invited to No10 Downing St as part of the Small Business 100. Good to spread the word on what can be achieved with quality sustainable Sportswear 
Hats off, or should we say “thumbs up” to 
So pleased to release the latest 
Supermarkets must stop using plastic packaging - 
We’re blown away by interest shown in 
And these boys know their onions 
Tollcross Community Dinners last night. Delicious food,  amazing volunteers and young people. 
"An exciting meeting with leaders of American businesses in Europe during 
Mate didn’t come into contact with any merchandise sales but the legend Craig Catterick on their med team who was on ours this year had gifted me one and I will be delighted to donate that which he is happy for me to do! Will contact you on my return to collect it 
So glad you found the workshop valuable @NicolaElam! Please keep in touch 
RT if you're ready for CFA Ruston to be up and running 
You're welcome. 
Photographer friend of mine who does amazing work. Check him out 
Such a great opportunity! Our application is in. 
We are proud of you Ash! Well done 
For oil that aren’t aware we’re closed tomorrow! 
Have to recommend this book to any wrestler or trainee thanks 
Dr Kevin Rowland MBE sharing his memories of school residentials, including 3 trips on a canal boat! 
The Moors Youth Fantasy Football league starts THIS SATURDAY! Speak to your manager for details on how to enter 
Cammy Smith a huge loss in this system though. His movement and ability to unlock defences was sorely missed in that first 45.Up against it but hopefully we find a way somehow. Fingers crossed 
190 miles today across 3 counties and the car was absolutely filthy. I managed to squeeze in a quick wash before it got dark though, so normality has been restored 
Tennis fans: Get to know New York Open player and Long Island native Noah Rubin - 
Head on over to instagram @unequaled_heating  
 morning are there any refs avalible for our game tomorrow 2pm river lane pavilion let me know
Should have had it today! It’s beautiful out there today 
Best of Luck to you guys as well 
| We're about more than just cricket - 
Sad it's over, see you next year 
I thought you are on a  Honeymoon trip 
Another successful non uniform day in the control room 
New Album I mixed for Zak Abel is out today 
Had terrific meet with Dan from 
Friday evening nibbles at the ready ! Paddy has had a busy morning prepping and hopes to see you after 6 this evening 
First day of third year project testing! 
Some exhibition from the Dubs today, ridiculous quality across their squad...not bad seats either 
Come & graze on Pintxos & drink wine in the bar, or grab a table in the Comedor - great availability today for walk-ins at the min 
Well done to Vallance FC Disability team on finishing Runners up today.Played 4, lost 1, won 3. 
And here's one! 
I saw Aimee Mann in person the other day.  It was 
Pleased to announce Study day and Trainees weekend 2018 dates - 12th - 14th October 2018 - Manchester! Keep the dates free! 
With brother Dan & his partner yesterday in London 
Cool! mine newsfeed data and extract interactive insights in 
Fancy doing something new in King's Lynn? Why not visit Stories of Lynn - tomorrow we have our tour at 1pm, free with museum admission 
 | Thank you to the 4462 City fans that came last night and got behind the teamSee you on Saturday! 
There I am. Incredibly useful workshop thank you 
Thanks guys for the extra gels much appreciated 
Best yet Ferreck mate 
Very pleased with this team considering the injuries last Saturday. 
What a game of darts with MvG and Rob Cross..That is what our game is all about..Awesome
DIY SOS The Big Build on BBC1 now. Best programme on TV. 
Excellent 50m Fly from Charlie 29.32. First sub 30!! Well done 
 congrats on the birth of your baby boy bro. 
Leadership in action from Amy Russell 
 thank you for such a beautiful lunch on Saturday!  Need to go again already, such friendly staff too! 
Gareth Southgate joined us live straight after the 
Gr8Pic: When Gary Player met Elvis 
Happy birthday, Tony. I hope you have had a great day and that you and the family are all well
Sure to be a tremendous asset. Good luck Elliot 
Good luck in London today guys go smash it and let everyone see how fully accessibility facalities are a requirement not an option!! Looking forward to updates, have fun 
Excellent campaign and social evening in Ystrad Mynach with our Labour Council Candidates. Great spirit and up for the battle. 
It's another installment of 
Agree!  Representation from around Europe and the globe from all parts of the industry 
Sorry I forgot , 2pm kick off 
Employers – Need help with posting a job on Universal Jobmatch? Take a look at our new video 
All the best for the future Árón, it's been a pleasure! Hopefully see you back in the 
All Dutch train stations are now 
Somebody telling me we need the Battle of Britain spirit again and must not rely on anybody, well we did rely on others who came to our aid
Our new drying oven has arrived just in time for spring biomass sampling
 Just opened another delicious bottle of wine from our collection! Tony knows his wine 
I would totally do this if I were a student 
Can anyone recommend a freelance 
After January 10, 2017, pages where content is obscured by interstitial popups will be penalized in seo ranking. 
Last train of the purple timetable of 2017 
What a season so far for Loddon 2’s fab team spirit and hard work 
 huge thanks to all the staff that took the children to York.Will's verdict, 'it was amazing!!' 
Big congrats to the women's team's up for an NRA
That's a win win! Great idea 
Wishing good luck to all our juniors taking part in this weekends Silver 
Monday never stood a chance. 
 exercise for apprentices. Another job well done 
Parent council meeting about to begin! Great crowd! 
A big THANK YOU to Tracey & 
Really enjoyed that show. Thank you to Brockie. A real gent as always & very open in the interview. Link to listen back will be up soon 
Great stuff, Jane. 
2 spare tickets, (front row) tonight for the wonderful 
Graduating today? Congratulations! 
Hope they go well mate 
Fantastic to see the team supporting 
Our Student Ambassadors run campus tours all day! You don't need tickets, simply meet them at the campus tour assembly point. 
You've got his back 
Congratulations Stuart sure yourself Chris and Vic will do a great job 
Looking forward to discussing some hot  topics tonight 
OPEN STUDIOS Tonight from 6pm at our Camberwell site. Join us for drinks and screenings 
Really want this phone and now you have said how good it is I'm on way to shop tomorrow
i'm currently composing a song titled  "this is what obstruction looks like"... thanks for the inspiration, 
Just over two hours until U11’s end of season presentation...a few changes to proceedings this year...hope the boys like/enjoy it 
For those unable to view last week's 
Can we tempt any English Practice Managers who've undertaken this type of work via 
 Just been to a new fantastic independent restaurant 
 My Son, his Girlfriend & my Little Grandson had a wonderful time at the ice rink last Saturday. A great addition too 
Hey there! We’re upping the ante for AT in Ireland alright
Thanks a ton Harika!! All the best for your future events 
A record-breaking morning and plenty of Movember face furniture on show 
I'm building a Scala tools team at Stripe and we're hiring!The work: make Scala exceptionally pleasant to use in our users-first envDMs
Another day in the office. If that office is a trailer of clothes (that I'm not wearing) O, I thought this umbrella would be a nice touch. 
 as a fairly new listener have to say brilliant radio lads best thing I've heard on wireless for years 
 interval - Starts slowly , pace picks up towards a pakka interval. Cinematography, Live sound and everything else - Just top class !! 
Our team are enjoying a fantastic evening at 
140 vehicles stopped today during 
Have you tried the Milk Peel FlashMasque? It's a gentle peel that's sensitive skin approved 
Congratulations to our 10u Select30 Thanksgiving Super NIT Champions Kangaroo Court Roos and the finalist Five Star Tigers Labbe. Great Job Guys  
Great photos, thanks for joining us 
 caused damage overnight including this tree which fell on our substation in 
3 of our teammates disconnected --> no problem for my BF @
Great 1st turnout today for 
Ricky Gervais, well said.  
Send him back next year please 
A good start for the 14As in the Midlands Finals. A hard fought 2-2 draw against Malvern 
 Autumn Meeting 86 members attended an informative & fun evening Thanks to 
Well done Gavin, Fleet Engineer of the Year 
We love getting your feedback, both as you leave the museum and over on TripAdvisor. And happily, it seems you all love our museum as much as we do! Head over to TripAdvisor to read comments, or even leave a review of your own. 
JNCOs check this out.  Speak to your OC. 
The best things about using a third party twitter app:No threads 
Brilliant photos Shannon! Staff and students are very proud of you 
Can’t wait to sell out this night .. 
Imagine a world where girls dream of 
 Big chance for these boys! Hadleigh Parkes, Aled Davies, Kristian Dacey, Scott Andrews and Cory Hill all start against South Africa Check out the full team here 
Great signing, Griff was immense 
What's your favourite track from Protocol Lab pt. 3? 
Brilliant watching Abbie with her light up castors being so professional as a ball crew.
 collects the hardwareRegular season champs 
Looking forward to working with this group of players and staff. A big thank you to 
Off to Poland and Continental Cup 
The real ESSENTIAL from GLOW-WORM 
The touring party. 
Lunch was amazing today. Easy to forget this is a school dinner! 
Very Honoured to have been nominated for The Autosport Awards Club Driver of the Year Award. If anyone is registered please vote for me 
Great wee singers in Nitten today. 
360º visibility, daylight running lights and smart brake lights - the all-new 
Thank you for your support everyone. We ended with 3,047 votes - a great effort from all involved 
If I like em and I’ll smoke em, they’re in 
High-powered show today, 
For those who don't know me on Twitter, this is what my friends, family and colleagues have to say about me.From 
So far South Africa's going great 
Thanks as always Margaret for your ongoing positivity and support. 
Powys Jnr Open Entries close Friday- Enter Now - 1 day event on Sat 2nd December in Newtown- 
Great work by all from an AF Lion -diagnosed two months ago by a simple pulse check by my GP a stones throw from MFC - well done 
Day 4 of pre-polling at the State election: more than 43,000 people voted!!
Yet another great bat from the boys at 
And so you should be, single most important piece of training I have been part of within Early Years 
Productive training session this morning with Head Coach Matt Tew and a few of the Billesley 
Today is the day!!! After a day of practice and photo shoots in Ottawa 
Glad you're enjoying Episode 21 and good to hear others are catching up on past episodes.  Have a brilliant weekend you lovely mob. Keep warm stay safe.  See you back here Monday and we can take a look at  who episode 22 is yeah?  YEAH 
Thursday, yeah?  
Love breezy mornings, Max sniffs the air like a dog possessed 
 Photography got me back from 3 full strokes and depression, I can send more Carol. Watson not Penny
It was getting way too hard to continue because we are both so busy doing other projects. I think 
24 years soldiering next to the legend Dave Maher! Lots of cities, laughs and a few scrapes!! Will be hugely missed! Thanks man 
Yes yes tearin 12" from the MIGHTY 
Back in London & always great when on the go 
  here we come , bag packed finally ..looking forward to reconnecting with likeminded professionals from across the globe 
One of our Modern Masters: Joan Miro Artwork: The Cat. 
What’s every one else hauling this week? Here is one of heaviest hauled deep into the muddy mountains
Retro cast iron hopper install. And the boys hard at work. Great job summit heating 
Great to see so many players and teams giving the thumbs up 
Today I finished my 10th show, in 10 days. Fly home for 2 days then leave again for my first tour with NEW JAPAN. Create your own future. 
The latest fashion and accessories - the Stone Age 
As promised, here is the event location information for 
Countdown to the last days of the current ‘Origins’ menu 
BOOM! Just ordered late night tales automatic soul on vinyl. Nice deal with 20% off 
NEW VIDEO:- Watch & Download "Tjan – Omo Yi" @ 
A great weekend qualifying for the 
Eagles: We blurred the contract in these photos because we don’t trust the internet but thanks for noticing 
Successful meeting. Thanks all for your attention and support. 
Twitter hivemind!Are you aware of any research papers authored solely by people with psychosis?Pls RT 
Dig those festive socks out - 
So spent the day in this ambulance today with two fantastic paramedics who supported me to learn more first responder skills, I enjoyed every minute thank you Becky and Lara 
Tasting Life w/  Pride. Yummy roast from 
  just want to say thanks for the piece of topside and the cooking instructions absolutely spot on 200 degrees for 1 & 1/4 hr 
Can't follow the Bullet, as at 78 he's just getting started. Much love & respect for my old friend! 
At Halliwell Jones for warringtonnews 
Coaching day at Silvermere today 
Please meet our professional coaching staff! 
Thanks Karen to both of girls for coming they were great 
Don't panic! 
If you have a spare min give this a read and help these guys raise some cash
You have both inspired so many people from all walks of life by sharing your stories & continue to do so. This collaboration is great news for us all & meant to be according to 
A suite of straightforward activities for each aspect of the moderation cycle. Underlines moderation as a PROCESS
Well done to our very own Steve Martin from 
Back home and back cooking! BBQ102/17: Sausage Rolls - New blog post now up: 
 Mr.21 Savage...a friend 
Thanks to all stakeholders who attended NIEA Water Framework Directive conference on Saturday - hosted by Permanent Secretary Noel Lavery. Great to see so many committed to partnership working  
Any club, Christmas and all that. Personalised for your requirements...tweet me and I’ll message you. Tidy 
What bands would you like to see at Rock the Park 2017? 
Now it’s time to listen to see how LFC can perform 
Looking forward to presenting the Bronze Level of our Nature Explorers Award Scheme to 
Thumbs up and smiles from these blokes. Thanks everyone for making the 
A must see for any touring Lions fan! Thanks Waikato for having us and to 
Surprised this hasn't been shut down yet..soon no doubt. See you 
We've got your lunch covered tomorrow Bristol 
Cloud Magic brewed and fun times reloaded in Vegas at yet another AWSome 
Final and VERY popular novel of the year award to Bernard MacLaverty 
RDS 03/17 Trainees with Edwinstowe staff at Tesco Ollerton meeting members of the public and fund raising as part of the Chiefs challenge.
Reminder: When the holidays get particularly stressful, don't forget to give yourself the gift of uninterrupted reading time.A little goes a long way 
Always good events in South Wales 
Excited to see an interactive, multimodal environment for training AI agents 
 is Red Eye off the plane, but that doesn't stop 
 Another winner today with Mengli Khan.9/4 this morning.That's 7 winners in 8 days for you Alex.
Checking out classic songs and films of the country whose language you’re studying is a fun way to learn about its pop culture 
Thanks to everyone who came down to see Conquest 
The Vallance disability social club is great when the weather outside is cold
It’s true and I can’t wait.
 Looking forward to working with you.
Great stuff, lovely day for it 
Veterans Coffee Morning @ Meadowcroft in Bromborough, what better way to start the week 
The Most Important Relationship in Your Life Isn't What You Might Expect 
Today’s Celebration Festival has started 
Thank you everyone for reading and following along today. 
On behalf of the club a very happy 21st birthday 
Well race day tomorrow, unfortunately held on qualifying laps but team working hard and improving the bike all the time see what happens in warmup looking forward to the race
We're always happy to help 
 ,job done and were delighted with the effect of the tiles
In the finest traditions of the 3rd battalion. gungy 3 Para. 
So Twitter has given us 
So what do you do when you can’t go and see your favourite show 
Dinner at The tower great team
Don't forget to send the postcards Maire & 
Out of the combine and back to lambing!!
Please do continue to share this, starts tomorrow and first raffle is for a Nokia Steel Smartwatch, can enter draw by draw or pay in advance for the week. All the money raised will be going to good causes, £5 per entry (£35 for the week) 
Great news, well deserved..
6 types of people who might be able to help you lose weight—and how to know they’re legit. 
Looking forward to it as always. 
Well done great hoodies 
Midweek reminder to stay positive! 
Early start with the lads this morning 
Brilliant stuff well done 
DJ Lady Ryan in the garden tonight! The eclectic flavor of this stellar performance can be enjoyed 5-8pm 
Great to have you all signed up and committing to putting Kids First. 
Today we put up our Christmas tree and took a look at BOTH the Xbox One X + the PS4 Pro: 
 responds that it shouldn’t be perceived this way on twitter in open chats, but that we all work on building our own networks. 
Fantastic! Well done 
Well done to the whole family! Two PBS, one 100th a a Hi-vis hero 
students and staff re. Art project,Sail based on positive mental health,'sail through your worries and through life'
1st of the day: hacienda de Arinzano Chardonnay. Pago in Navarra 
Another enjoyable family outing 
Early start today w/ 
Research Programmer position at Univ of Pittsburgh in Justin Kitzes lab. Justin is great 
Just got this deal for Edinburgh Dungeon 
We agree - can't beat that view! 
 The Comedy Christmas Movie Night - Dec 10th 
Get to sit side by side with this 
Very excited birthday boy to have a  card in post from his Gymnastics Club. Thank you 
Start of the Christmas season start or the Christmas baking 
NOBODY is under obligation to give free promo to a hotel or any other company, "influencer" or otherwise. We all tag brands all the time WITHOUT being paid to, posts with tags are not *always* ads. It's up to the consumer if they want to tag you. Get off 
New GPs guideline recommends physio over opioids for acute musculoskeletal pain 
All the best to the entire team
 Teaser Marching Towards 200K Likes, Need 624
Be sure to check out our Hut in Santa Monica on Broadway! 
Ground number 94 for me tonight. Coronation Park for 
Well beaten today by a good side 
You were one of the Stars of the night Ella 
Some electrical work required due to some hungry rats and mice in the lockup. New reindeer light needed. But. She is alive! 
The partnership is worth around £1 million over three years. Good luck 
Awesome day out at Dunbury primary school with 
Happy International Women's Day!
Fabulous to see this much needed anti-bullying guidance launched today 
The kids pretty good.?!!!
Congratulations to Armani Williams (All-Tournament) and Josh Baker (Tournament MVP). Proud of these boys! 
It was a lovely lesson. I gave Agnes a fishing boat and turned it into 
Root Beer Pong will be Thursday in the caf after school! Sign up outside the council room on Thursday!! $2 per person and two people per team!!! 
A must read! Thank to share your knowledge! 
Nice compliment cheers dude 
Here's Mr Skilton picking up his new 
"Oh, God, how many years has it taken to seethe devices, the instruments of what this manwould not do..." 
Haha not the 1st one to get me mixed up with 
This week Sports Development said goodbye to 
Watch here to find out a bit more about me and my music 
Lost this great man 2 years ago 2day. The 154s still winning though mate 
CashforKidsNI: MarieadMagill Mencap_NI Woohoo!!! Well done 
Find out about the Creative Careers Showcase we held earlier this month + get the low down on opportunities, resources + talent spotting from 
 so beautiful & romantic!! Love 
Looking for a potential friendly mid week next week. Last one before the season starts. DM if interested 
 Firefighters will be supporting events throughout 
IRIS symposium in Cornwall is underway 
Great round up of British Women’s ice hockey from the weekend! 
Congratulations Louise from all your fellow PPN members. Well deserved  
Another fantastic new product as part of our 
Last weekend's exhibition by children who attended 
Absolutely fantastic! Extremely proud of everyone involved 
Head over to the Blackhorse stage at 1.30 to see 
Be One Less Person Harming Animals
Looks like I'm off to see 
I love this too!! What an experience!!
Very good 2nd up run by SACRED ELIXIR! Excited to see him settling and performing well 
LONDON!!!! We know not everyone had a chance to get merch at the pop up store so we’re gonna have a bunch of Jauz & Bite This merch on sale at Electric Brixton tonight! Come early and grab some gear 
A great video showcasing the hard work 
Thanks Emi! Sulu's getting a lot of love!
Chilling with the kids and a Christmas movie sounds like a great plan... Might even go & buy a tree and get the decs out of the loft 
 Only thing better than your graciousness & professionalism is YOUR PLAYING! Damn you're good. Thank u for last night 
Local kids expressing their thoughts with art in Kent..inspiring message as I go food shopping 
Good sesh yesterday with my woes
Some fun family learning with 
This is really the best way to show original papers by using 
Your welcome, loving the book so far 
I'm not a great fan of filming in clubs, but if you must, please could you turn the light off when you put it in my face? Thanks in advance
Voting has now closed - thanks for your support 
Whilst making the most of the Black Friday offers along with Christmas shopping please do so via Easy fundraising; register, select MBH and start shopping. We then get a donation each time you shop 
It’s today and it’s free
 : Driving ControlWhen dressing the interior of your vehicle, make sure you avoid any silicone based products on mats/driving controls. We advise use of Interior Shampoo on driving controls to avoid any potential slips 
Please see the link to my November Newsletter: 
First Aid course Completed!
 are asking members to complete this important survey-Huge thanks to all for participating in campaign and 
Quite a fan of the idea of becoming a sports journalist to be fair 
First day of December, I hope you all have a brilliant festive period and an even better 2018 
Great NIO Formula E Team S4 write-up on 
Happy Chef, Happy Life! 
Day 3 0f 3 recruitment for 
Oh ya, said this yesterday on stream but I forgot to tweet. Taking the day off. Gonna be live all weekend! 
Our animated holiday special, Angela's Christmas, now has its very own Facebook page, make our Christmas wishes come true and pop over to give it a Like: 
Signing some cards and jerseys for the munchkins in Vernon. Oh yah, and I'm in some pretty solid company. 
Thanks to everyone over the last few weeks for messages and support! Very happy to be back in Melbourne today and get recovery started 
Anyone else find that their LinkedIn Messages inbox is like a vortex of SPAM and crap? Suggestion... if you ever want to actually get in touch with me... email me on becs@fiandbecs.com - it's 100% more likely to be seen. 
Don't forget to enter pinned tweet! 
Great news .... our very own Yogi 
Oh yeah! Transient designer on #808 
Oooh! time is nearly up - better tweet quick... 
Listen on your travels or read the transcript with a cup of coffee early in the morning—either way 
 for the G-MED (previously G-DOCs) Team 
 For information, updates, athlete announcements and more, make sure you sign up for our 2018 season updates.
Had a long look to see if there were any regional dialect names for something like this but nothing... I quite like 'Nymph Pool' tho. 
Great job by a superb charity 
Just been shopping & got few things to send to 
So we came 4th out of 24 teams that took part
He’s only gone and done it! 
Great having David McMullan our partner in China who's helping us put together the new VG Motorcycle range for 2018 exciting times ahead 
Lost first round to a fellow Dane. Will update the next rounds on instagram story IG: pernille.matthews 
A quick tune I wrote for 
 Shop at Carter’s OshKosh B’Gosh for 30% off Sleepwear, Dresses + Cardigans & Little Collections! 
Chappaquiddick- Feature Film with a great review in Variety at the Toronto Film Festival. (Local physician mentioned - played by me) 
A good read about why you should never give up 
Our National Conference, Expo & Awards has been accredited by the Royal College of Surgeons for CPD!  Certificates will be sent soon 
Lots of “recording in the pub” feedback. Thanks to 
Good luck to all of the Junior Jacks from 
Test your Ashes knowledge with this quiz! 
40% quieter to be exact! Thanks to the latest quiet engine technology on those 
Great production work guys by 
Always good to see you both never have enough time to have a good chat great 
Finally a Lions Thanksgiving game that matters! Go Vikes
It was Super Fun to meet  some lovely Fans last week. You guys were amazing. Thanks for the love. Cheers
And another one! Michael Mersch with the 2nd goal of the game!!! 
Big favour please gang!Please RT & like some tweets from 
Seeing My Vitriol tonight with Hundred Reasons, and proper excited about it too 
You will see lots of us in run up to Christmas. Festive cocktails tasted superb. 
Boys loved WWE tonight 
Great day today meeting loads of other businesses at 
Elegant & beautiful....like Bryn’s beard! 
World Cup winners at U17
Who doesn’t love a meat draw! Really enjoyed this Rocking Rudolph to boot 
Great listen chaps! 
 simple low cost, high return initiatives. Stop doing things that don't work and have the moral courage to call Physio's out. Bad physio is not on, ever. 
This pic of the JQ Christmas lights is definitely us after a few too many beers. Tweet us your festive JQ pics and we'll give them a RT 
Really pleased to see Greater Manchester commit to a lead member on Cooperatives 
Busy bee all set up for community market 
"To create an organization where employees will be fully engaged and committed means rethinking everything about the work experience." Great post, 
Another great example of a senior leader in 
 for opening season with a win! Also shout out to 
Glad & Happy to be a part of PSPK 25 Titled 
Goalscorer Will Hughes has joined the 
This is quite a tweet from the CIA. Whether a hint or a psychological operation, I'm voting 
Well done everyone at Lincoln Archway. You should be very proud of these comments. Keep up the good work 
Make sure to enter this great race
Watch Rosengard v Chelsea live on Chelsea TV and 
Shane Williams what a story..... never give up and stay humble!
The answer was D! That's what most of you selected! 
Traveling? Our economy  parking garage is 4 nights for $40. AND you get a sneak peek at the SkyConnect. 
 thanks for hosting today's 
Covers and suit design sent back from 
Thats it!! I couldn't for the life of me remember what's it was called. Thanks a million. 
Sounds a great game of cricket down in Malvern at the U13 Girls 
Some good stuff here by the Grand Slams for 2019. 16 seeds throws the cat amongst the pigeons early. Love it. Reckon 50% is too low for on-site withdrawal (maybe 80%) but a great start. 25 sec shot clock 
Thinking of you Sue and sending you positive thoughts & strength 
Couldn't think of a better person to receive it. Well done Raymond 
Great reminder - ordering this now! 
During a busy week, we give out well over a tonne of food to clients in crisis across 
Thanks mate. Not a bad host either!!!
We are strong mentally and physically until we are not. Vulnerability and context matter. Suck it up buttercup may be fine for some, but selecting our dialogue is a skill born of clinical and human interaction experience. “Just saying.” 
Victim of the Essendon trench collapse in high spirits as he arrives at hospital. 
The return of Photography Club.Minus something windchill, ice and a few snowflakes 
Don't forget to vote for 'Gentle Giant' as your favourite widebeam at Crick 
Op stap met the birthday girl! 
Happy LABOR Day -hit up 
Well happy today winning my first pdc players champs.i hope it's one of many.well done to @jamesJammie180.great guy
Don't forget to LIKE our 
Finished the Plenary “Getting the balance right:Leadership.” Great speakers, great insight. I’m feeling inspired by the mentors in my speciality who have demonstrated patient advocacy, quality and  grace - even under enormous pressure.
Rough day? E+E Showtime has you covered 
After a random follow gave 
 Great first season of the show, Darrin. Looking forward to next year & beyond! 
 this morning, now A2DT this afternoon. So much happening during Scottish Digital Health & Care week 
Love this review! "Quick-Witted and Sassy" Real 'Book of Judas' inspires journalist's novel | Faith Matters 
Great focus in that group! Betting it was a great session 
Thanks guys, yes see you there 
Will be live on FB in a hour and a half , 12 pm noon! Announcing all the winners and talking new episode tonight! 
Thanks for a short but nice time 
Here's something fun for Friday... A Hippo with a moustache ENJOY! 
We’re learning how to feed a family for a fiver! Fantastic evening with pupils, parents and our fab Chef from the Marriott 
I shouldn't have ended a good, long relationship just because I was bored of her sexually, I should have just gone to a brothel every Sunday, there's 15 of them in Sheffield, and they give a good discount on Sundays 
Wishing Australian batsman Cameron Bancroft a very Happy 25th Birthday. Have a great day Bangers
A fantastic 1-0 win against South Wales today by the 
 between 4-8pm! Save 20% on all beer and merch
Some spot on. It’s 
No problem! Well done on hitting 200 followers 
The mascots are ready for Sunday 
We look forward to the game and a drink after 
Wow! Great Zamboni, Corwin! 
Another great news for gesture research from again 
About 1000 times better than my semi-average tweet trying to allude to the same thing. Well played 
What a gesture. Amazing 
Calling all young warriors! It’s official, Raven is imminent! 
 - a future where every person is a tech company. Looking forward to the series 
Great few days of gymnastics festivals 
Look forward to meeting & seeing you all tomorrow.!!!  
Good luck to Reece representing 
I haven’t said what’s on my mind in a long time and I’d like to interact with you guys more 
Wow! We have lip balms for our packs!! Thank you so much for the amazing donation 
If you are given a blue token in 
 Thank you to all your superb supporters and players for the way you went about your business today, extremely respectful, a tough day made a little easier with your words of encouragement and good wishes, best of luck for the rest of the season.. 
This was really good....God Almighty..I'm obsessed with 
The Busch Camo Car is here to take on Talladega this weekend. Thanks 
First order direct from Dischord Records just in! 
Fantastic work from Oncology for reducing bloodstream infections!! 
Haha. Graham's a friend of mine. Worked together years ago. He has done an unbelievable job there 
One of the best around well done lads sounds like a great win that 
Not the most auspicious starts to the Norfolk Fishing For Schools open day. Unbowed, we carry on. As up do
Small Business Saturday: National campaign launches to support 'backbone of the UK economy'  
Had the absolute privilege of sharing an evening with 
Absolutely loved today meeting all the kids 
Full-time: Qarabag 1-3 Chelsea! 
Very big win today !! For us and for the fans . Thank you for great atmosphere 
Well done you lot!
That’s great Tiff, keep up the hard work. 
Enjoy your summer vacation! 
Have a fucking great night you bevy of beauties ... what a SEASONAHHHHHHHH GOT7 
We won!!! 
Very good they where young ryhs did a good job
'SOUND INTENTIONS' will be playing in the club tomorrow night. Start time 9 o clock. Please come along 
Remember to vote when you shop peeps
 Hey lads! Here's my live show from last week featuring your music, played in the first hour
The very best of luck to our Scor na Og participants representing us tomor in the final at Glenullin. 3pm start and all support welcome. Do the business. 
Another ‘wee achiever’ from Inverbrothock. Well done - I’m very proud of you! 
Memory photo with a great fan from Russia at the 
 please retweet guys. I’m going the shop tomorrow with my wife. We can buy a Mclair each for anyone that would want one. Will send special delivery for the next day, to give people a chance that can’t get down 
And breath - much needed relaxation thanks to 
Took me 6 hours, one train , 2 coaches and 2 taxis to get from London to Bournemouth last night/this morning. Big up to 
This is such a great example of Health Promoting Palliative Care! Communities involved where it all counts. Awesome! 
UPDATE: Springfield road is no longer blocked and all services are continuing as normal. 
 another delicious lunch at our favourite Boston pizza Fort Frances , and our favourite waitress Lori serviced us . Great food , awesome service , thx Lori 
Moo-Tella Chocolate Hazelnut Impu Milk Stout 
Thanks to all the runners who came along and made 
Differentiation.... One half of the court with a low net and one half with a high net 
Great day today in the Discovery Zone! Parents open STEM afternoon 
Well done to our pirates, mermaids, crazy parrot and crocodile! So proud of you all today-fabulous performances this afternoon and evening 
Superstar spellers this week. Da iawn ti! 
We were hard at work last night with 
That’s gotta be one the coolest 
Any fans of our Total Control Drop Foundation? Build your own coverage with just a drop or two! Photo by @pjcjeancoutu 
Thanks for sharing, Inga! This is a great insider's perspective of our rebrand. 
Proud to be a small part of this puppy and to call so many of the sweet freaks involved my friends • Check it out y’all 
Last few hours of the competition, get your favs and retweets in 
I’ll be having a chat to my good friend Bob Brolly today after 4pm on BBC Radio WM 95.6  ..can’t wait 
Very well done to our U13 A and B teams on their wins against Solihull this morning. Both squads included a number of our U12 girls due to injuries and unavailability 
All welcome TOMORROW & FRI! 
Great work Aaron & all other Redbridge runners - You did your borough proud! 
WHAT A DAY! Thanks to all for joining us and congratulations to connections of all our winners. Huge thanks to our brilliant sponsors 
 Please RT, there will be lots of great offers for your lovely members!
Never thought I'd see the day 
For almost 2 years we were told it was impossible for 
I am honored to join this panel , thanks 
Day 1 nerves over, 
An awesome experience meeting Mrs CRY herself, Alison Cox 
- besides that time yts thought yt farmers' lives where worth preventing kids getting to their exams while also disregarding the thousands-more dying all around them in gang-ridden communities where schools & learners are expected to perform equally but ok 
And Jim, your ER = EPR lecture was genuinely mind-blowing, thank you so much for that 
Busy weekend-Predictions for 5-Live Friday 5.15-Saturday is Todayfm(Ireland)2-3 Followed by co-Com Huddersfield/Man Utd..Sunday LFCTV ..
 can't praise your delivery service enough ordered at 4pm delivered by shutl @ 7.15 and in the snow too absolutely amazing 
Modelling Deadlock in Open Restricted Queueing Networks. Freely available online as of today.  Authors: 
 starts this weekend. If you're partaking in some holiday shenanigans, use your smarts and call to get home safely. There ain't no excuse not to. 
Another great part of my job...Congratulating Omar, Carphone Warehouse sales colleague in the Trafford Centre 3in1 after him winning a trip to Cape Town..Superb prize, well done pal..Great store, great team..
It’s the beginning of a new week. Make it a great one! 
Loved spending time with such a smart coach. 
Hi Andrew ok Let's try Help your Nan out... what can I do to help? If I can do it I will. 
12 Tips to Improve Your Pinterest Marketing for Business 
What good timing! I’m at the waterfront tomorrow. Pop up gin tasting is just my thing 
for any of us who have lived, worked and played there 
 As a community pharmacist I refer lots of pts with eye issues to Optometrists. A fantastic eye health service! 
-Can I plse get ur vote 4 
Woah good job,  all those involved in the record breaking Llandudno Xmas  Fayre 35k visiting including 27 coaches on Sat from Yorkshire & the Midlands and the packed train direct from London 
HAHA a smart cat .
Great doing the food demo today 
You’re welcome Stevey, glad you like them. 
A room full of beer 
Outstanding appointment Top man, great coach 
Serving ‘til 10pm 
Showing a table tennis match conveying the state of mind of the protagonist 
Just gearing up for our first winter outing in the van, thinking about asking Santa for some soup makers from 
Birth control should be easily accessible and affordable to all 
A great night love you both XX 
All the very best Babai .. The hard work is evident .. Wishing u a huge success with this one 
"A Night of Symphonic Hip Hop" featuring 
Arrived in Aberdeen for DYW Regional catch up tomorrow. Looking forward to seeing 
A big thank you from an attending parent 
Fantastic news and a great opportunity for 
 Yes, brands really can make the transition from traditional to 
Sounds like a perfect day off to us! 
Nutrilog in the news! Very proud to be part of the 
Read all about it! Lovely write up in this month’s Taste Cumbria magazine 
Always a cool crowd in Bournemouth 
Herbalife Nutrition..Fit Families Fest...
How about: Shortly = 5:15 p.m. ETToday. 
Much deserved, Mak.
Superb news. Get some sleep in! 
Happy Thursday. Payday for some 
Testing out our kite prototypes. Some were successful; most weren't! Either way, we had fun and we know what we're going to do next. 
Morning with mum, lunch with 
Welcome to the Billsley team Joe 
This is going to be good! And it's just a short journey on the Subway away
Very informative day for the Auckland/Northland Snr Business Bkg Mgrs to better serve our customers. Coaching, BD, resilience etc. 
Not just tea but Yorkshire tea in royal family memorabilia 
Live in Yankees Bar Workington tonight - on at 11.30 sharp
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
One day left of chemo cream on nose.
Watson’s Bay looking good Doyle’s fish & chips today 
Brilliant performance this morning beating ton Geli 4-2
Come on head chefs & kitchen managers get your commis & apprentices to enter. This could be just the kick start they need to a fantastic career 
Thanks Arjun we really appreciate the hard work that you are all doing let's keep working together 
Help a football pal vote 
On same day Kevin Sumlin is adamant about future at Texas A&M, reports of potential firing leak 
Just want to say how wonderful that our local councillors were actively supporting St George’s Christmas Bazarre,which is our main fundraiser. Much appreciated Councillors Andrew Pelling,Joy Prince  and Robert Canning. Always good to see you here
 solid commendation in litigation team of the year category 
Mr. Griffin is back on hospital premises today, but don't worry, he's only come to see us 
Fishing in Milwaukee today, Lily managed to out-fish us all
We're all for stress free 
Sitting right up front for the first day of 
Finally, an emoji just for me! 
Back from lunch to see this on screen at 
This gr8 little guy emailed me abt Rd safety & bad driving, so I took the challenge & came to spk abt Rd Safety @ Weltevreden Prmy (u rock
BBC Radio 6 Music - Steve Lamacq - Steve Lamacq’s Disco World Cup 
Mozart vs Machine is on tonight in 
Pick up 'Mowing' and 'Some Twist' LP/CD on sale at the SSQ store 
Thanks chaps and the feelings mutual 
Sorry for the lack of RTs recently everyone. I've been traveling and had no access to the account for a while. We're back on it now. 
Perfect day last sunday 
Honestly, for amazing food and wine go to this place! 
UPDATED: Senate tax whip countJohnson 
Can’t wait to be back and challenge for 1st place 
 Day 6. Grateful for 
I’m always praising the cast of 
WE APPLAUD YOUR EFFORTS OF MAKING CONTINUOUS EFFORTS TO ENCOURAGE PEOPLE TO KEEP OUR CITY CLEAN MR MAYOR
My word, it gets even better 
You guys were Brilliant, loved every second of your set 
** Apparently it’s a 12:30 KO for U17s Jnr Colts (H) v 
P6 Parents/Carers: Today, every P6 pupil received a paper copy of the P7 Camp letter for Oct 2018. We will be going back to 
Smoked Salmon! Yum! We can't wait to see you on Monday! 
The big match  -
Eleanor Marx Day 16th January. This day began as a motion put to GMB Congress in Dublin 2015, which was passed. Find up and coming important dates in your 2018 GMB diary 
Congratulations to Dan Jones on his first world Rugby refereeing appointment great to be able to assist him in his 1st international Whs Pe very proud 
Not yet, imminent 
Lauren is one our Leicester College apprentice... see what her employer has to say about her.... 
Rugby fixtures next week:-Tuesday seniors and yr7 away to 
Shooting Practice on set...
Please give our brand new Facebook page a like! 
Thanks to Berkshire who were fantastic hosts. Good luck for the rest of the season guys 
Thank you to the Hambo foundation and everyone else helping out today at the game. It means a lot. 
Hats off to Clive Hopkins and all at Blancos for their outstanding support of local sport - much of it   below the radar and unseen. 
Our first year Inter House X-Country winners! Well done to everyone who competed today 
 telugu teaser nearing 200k likes Make it 1st Telugu dubbed teaser to reach 200k likes Just 500 likes needed 
Coach CPD is critical, great to see support from the club & parents, the swimmers will also learn from the opportunity to race with a different supporter & raise self awareness 
NEW MUSIC & VIDEO:- Listen, Watch & Download "Brownshuga - Renegade"  @  
[Sexual Harassment on Capitol Hill] "When we talk about the Swamp, this is part of it." 
Here are the dance clubs until the end of this term. GCSE & A Level are separate 
Getting mentioned (tagged) in a little blurb about "60 Seconds to Die" a horror anthology feature I co-starred in.  I'm in good company. 
Another fantastic Lpl fact we didn’t know. Good luck 
New tenancies coming in today should mean much more security for private tenants 
We loved this which was performed as part of the 
It's that time of the month again where we want to see your 
Thoroughly enjoyed! Great group & awesome course. Thanks for having me 
Paris is the Most Promising Tech City in Europe - check out our link for more about the top five tech hubs! 
 Artic Slate fitted on the 45 with Graphite Grout strip. Boarder with Graphite and Ice Tramline. Installed with 
We have been using green screen today in nursery to create some super bear songs in the snow 
Great blog post from Aisling and Eamonn! Thanks 
Thank you @ONLYONEGIBB! Hope you have a great weekend
Cheers Steph! Was an honour and a pleasure to look after you 
Looking to recruit merseycare staff for next season's dragon boat racing (Feb)We train with Amathus 
What a fantastic end to another good eve out 
Pop in, say hello & taste our lovely cider on your way home this evening in SV Heuston South Qtr 5-7pm 
 complexity workshop tools used on day1 back in work 
Yeah that’s what an autobiography is buddy. 
 thanks for the reply and invitation. Err - greetings from 
Such a fantastic result - well done to all involved!! 
What amazing couples. Where have we lost our way?! A generation we can learn a lot from. Look back to go forward. Well done 
Ha...love this, a 'toon of a CRUZ from 
Congrats on the new name guys. Like it 
 some of the castletownroche national school pupils who participated in the Cork City sports day this morning, well done to all
Oh joy! Season 4 of 
Want to say have a very happy Christmas 
Good luck Val.  Bring it home! 
5 snacks you should always have on hand if you’re trying to lose weight 
Christmas is coming! Visit our excellent restaurant! #Carriages#@ColegyCymoed#Aberdare#5stars food rating
We popped into the fab Maesglas 
StoryboardThat ROCKS!! 
Can’t remember what I did yesterday Jase, but I would of taken the goal 
Ready to go to a happy customer in 
Top tip - Watch others opening Supply Drops in HQ to get easy Armory Credits + Social Score 
Lister Wilder Ockham Mo Bros! Day 22
'We need locally relevant, innovative responses that consider the whole sanitation service chain.' Looks like 
“Supporting New Teacher Wellness” 
Sounds like a superb away performance from LFC! 3pts!! 5 goals away! New system? Salah letting a few of the other lads chip in 
Met with several Manitoba Nurses yesterday and learnt more about what is going on in our health care facilities. Looking forward to working with you on legislation 
 preview all of these wines on super specials from today for twitter followers 
What a great year of BBQ - 100 cooks so far this year and all cooked on my Weber Kettle and Smokey Mountain. All cooks on my blog 
Another JD Order has arrived, Thanks 
Looks like loads of fun for the little ones. Please RT! 
Been a while since I’ve tweeted but I do have a worthy cause that’s especially close to me which is really worth supporting, anything you can give would be really appreciated 
We are meeting at 6pm for our run out with 
Job fairs are a great way to learn about & apply to opportunities! 
Well done to academy U17 fwd Evan Galasso making his first appearance in the SPFL development league during tonight's 3-1 win  v Dundee 
Because we all NEED another bike! 
Boots, art, hats & more…make some time to cowboy up at the 
Latest case study from the lovely ladies of 
No worries Clive. Hope to see you at a few away games. Good luck with the move. 
Delighted to see a number of the team volunteering today to be part of community effort with 
Startups: We help you improve your press release & provide you with a customized list of 50+ journalists who might be interested to write about you. This way you’ll get press coverage at a fraction of the cost of typical PR agencies! 
It’s all about the watch and the location! 
Great review on Parrot Bebop 2 Power from 
Wow looks a great stage!!! 
This guy is a animal, thanks for time 
We are always more than happy to talk cheese and even more so, to get our lovely customers tasting! No rush.... No pressure.... Just Taste! 
Hog Roast - Tomorrow from 1pm! Come hungry 
Even when weather cold outside we enjoy the indoor facility’s at Mile End for the Monday morning Disability sports session courtesy of Tower Hamlets Sports Development 
Brilliant, we love Alison's cheese 
The only streamer with less hair than me 
Great atmosphere ruined by the most pathetic red card. Cheers jonjo 
Starting out with a 5th place today in 
Last calls for suggestions for our 2018 programme - planning meeting tomorrow! Any ideas or comments on this year welcome 
A fun afternoon of cricket today after the golf @RACVGolf 
Sneak peak of the new Spotlight front cover. Full edition coming soon! 
Fab to see Miki getting some recognition. You'll often spot him out on the Forth & Clyde Canal! A real 
It’s FA Youth Cup matchday!
Talking Camaro Drag Race Development, COPOs, and all things NHRA! Check out the live stream on 
Please like & follow my 
Sonos playbase added to my collection... OMG! 
Well done boys...
Great to see these youngsters experiencing squash! Thanks to the guys 
Homophobia, biphobia and transphobia remain a problem at all levels of sport. We are showing our support for LGBT fans and players on and off the pitch in our game against. We are lacing up to support the cause 
The never ending task of keeping our Borough 
Good to be at iamspecialized_mtb HQ testing out some new goods 
So the Civic Cup is joining the 
Congratulations to our Autism Puzzle Contest winners!! 
Fantastic achievement and a superb coach! Congratulations 
There are some big cup clashes today! Here are our Picks of the Day! Stay tuned for updates throughout the afternoon 
Appreciate it Chris! Come join over 7500 of us at 
An amazing day!
It was our pleasure pal, good to see you all 
& message is straight forward Tony, simple effective messages with gr8 graphics/animation helps folks 2 understand & 4 them 2 pass it on
If you missed last night's 
Craving a takeaway or meal out? We’ve got you covered 
 is a credit to stockport and all his hard work and the improvements he has been involved in has rejuvenated a very tired stockport - well done Joe you should be proud of yourself and keep up the good work 
Awesome experience today on our first 
Adidas Running by Pure Running. For the boys! Open Saturday 9am to 5.30pm 
Ooh good luck, hope you're going to show us the results! 
Didn't go my way today against 
"Hey kid, catch!" Good guy 
One small bracelet, one big change. 
Thanks Joy! Proud to be recognised! 
Its neither. It's simply POP ART using a new medium. not a new genre I guess, but definitely a new approach. 
If you’re traveling for the holidays in the next few days, our massage expert 
Pop along to today's House Hunting talk at Leeds Arts University @ 1-2pm, Blenheim Walk Lecture Theatre 
Arrived to a great welcome from Jim at 
 Fantastic gig tonight lads...you absolutely nailed it!!! Incredible voice from 
FULL TIME - a thrilling game ends 3-4. What an excellent result against the league leaders, as BTFC inflict Chilcomptons first league defeat of the season!!!! 
And yes we are looking forward to sponsoring again next year 
Apple Pie Cookie Mix available 
The Mayor of Fylde presenting the Community Engagement Award to Grace Cavanagh from Weeton School. For more info on how to nominate a child pls contact 
You'll be pleased to know I'm returning to 
Check out this year's 20 in their 20s. Among others, 
Wonderful description and report of great game of ladies football, 
One of the perks of our at Mary street office is being above Cardiff market and regular fresh Welsh cakes. 
there’s a load of noises coming from downstairs and I have fully convinced myself that we’re getting burgled 
Brilliant Sports Trauma Management course completed with 
We're absolutely delighted to be shortlisted as a finalist for the 'Best Support Service' award at the British Youth Travel Awards 2017! 
 football facilities are open this weekend with the exception of Walkers & Scotland Road (Grass games only, Games on 3G are on) it is down to the leagues & referees inspection. 
Scallops and Jerusalem Artichoke all ingredients delivered this morning on the menu tonight starring 
beautiful, reminds me of Gene Clark ‘No Other’ 
Congratulation to Roots. An amazing idea to get local quality food. Love it! 
i feel like we all learned something here.
Free New Firmware v2.33 - Now available 
I told you that pro routine was a beauty eh? Well done to all involved and a big thank you to 
Fantastic to see, well done! 
Follow and RT to win tickets to 
Well done, a great result 
First day on McKay Court was a success 
Difficult to put into words the emotions at the stop-line on Brenig. Was a very special day for so many people. Well done Guys 
Congratulations & Best wishes to my friend @venki0423 on d directorial debut wit Vishal sir ,
Australia’s only locally made points machine. Used by every heavy haul 
Kalvin Cline Qualen Cunningham Christian DaimlerDavid DarleyKeith Ford Zaycoven HendersonJake HubenakJarrett JohnsonDamion RatleyTanner SchorpShane TripuckaArmani WattsKyle WhitleyPriest WillisThanks and gig ‘em, seniors 
Superb performance from the squad today well played boys 
On a more positive note. I've received this cool inflatable hammer from 
Hahaha Ni hao mate. We’re everywhere! 
Parents round for tea. Fed and watered. 
Only place that keeps results up to date with Welsh Schools Rugby midweek league u-18. Fantastic service 
I'll send you a refund on one of them adjusted for inflation in the last 20 years
Ok, well, Christmas here early... 
Our SOLD OUT run of the 
YA BUDDY!!! Happy Birthday 
It's a great Gin and a gud seller in Bollards pub with Fever-Three ElderFlower tonic 
Congrats Jnr Athlete of the Yr - Female: 
GET. YOUR. PODCAST. ON WITH 
My fault for not putting myself on their radar more. This is going to change 
Well done to our two super treaters 
It's going to be a magnificent Monday for the £1,000 
Delighted "the choice" has been shortlisted for 
 to some of our most popular posts of the year.  
Well done 'Rafting Ray' for raising over $20,000 so far. Ray will start his 240km journey in just under a week..
Newbies are Huxtable and The Cruel Knives 
Here it is...Host of topics covered 
Good timing on the Ledley announcement. One bit of good news for tonight! 
Taking 5 minutes to celebrate Custodial Appreciation Day! Thank you for your hard work. 
We're having a blast at The Running Event this week! Come see us (and Olympian Meb Keflezighi). 
So very true Helene - well said 
What a success! Congratulations to all involved in today's 
Done! Anyone who follows, I will follow back, asap 
Heal is a finalist for Best Tech Startup in the Los Angeles 
Jim Davidson - '40 Years On’  Make sure you book your tickets to see 
Congratulations to our very own NGHS student who came 1st in her single and crew rowing races at Bedford recently. What an achievement 
This Sunday 12 June  I will race in  Markelo (Dutch masters) see u there
 Gearing up for December Release..Usual Ghost v/s Unusual Kids 
Hi Jenny when can I give you Michaels portrait ? 
Really delighted & excited to be supporting 
After an extended overhaul the Maid of Glencoul back home
A finale from Year 11 musicians with ‘Valerie’.  Well done!
The Kelpies, lit red at the moment in honour of Rememberance Sunday. Very striking!
Fancy a new job. We are recruiting. Come join our award winning team at Hertfordshire Control. Details on our information evenings below.
That is world class from pogba strength power pace pff 
Thank you Roy.. Happy Weekend!!! 
Coming tonight!? To 
  busy night so far!what a. Debut 
Give this more than just a glance, play the video for more than thirty seconds and I promise you will continue to watch.......
Mighty pleasing lager. Crisp, refreshing & more interesting than many lagers. Hint of sweetness with nice dry finish 
Only two places now left on my workshop in March. Thanks to everyone who's shared so far 
Amazing. It even has 
Great to talk to the team at Carltons in Markinch this afternoon with 
Saw Kevin Drew's "A & R Angels" 
Likewise ... today I was with a team in 
It's our 1st day on 
Struggling with a stream here to watch game. Any whiz kids out there know of Any? Thanks 
Back from holiday now & getting ready for a new La Liga season. 1st visit to a barbers this century 
Nice to hear mention of Both Sides Now on BBC 6 Music -  a fantastic three-year programme to support, inspire and showcase women in music across the North of England 
Three cheers..I'm back with smiley 
So I really want to hit up some Duos + Squads with other YouTubers on Fortnite! 
 You were fab in My Country:A Work In Progress on tv the other night. Great stuff
Michael is almost one year with his Lely Astronaut A4. Has achieved higher milk yields & better solids while also reduced his SCC & cases of mastitis.He has worked well with our Farm Management Support advisor !Great team work 
Well done Alan, great recognition for all the wonderful work you do with the young people! 
Crucial advise for parents when buying your child a hurl. Length, weight & feel are so important. The ‘right’ hurl is key 
Treats under way in preparation for tonight's Retailer Awards 
If you haven't, check out Alt-Tech (free speech) services such as:
Great to see the Coffeys get on the board 
The Bunker Christmas Special is finally here! Available 
Well I only went & won a 
We are still taking pre orders for the official DVD review of the 2017 
 Stella Blues Band Live 
All our 9 outfield players get the same time irregardless of opposition, sometimes to the detriment of the team. They start 2 out of 3 games - it's the only way in my eyes
Gotta love an embarrassing photo 
Felt good to be a part of another important win for Ghana today! Proud of my teammates. 
No spillages, furniture intact and nobody in tears. A good time 
I know where I'll be this weekend. Who's joining me cheer on 
Kind words from the man Andrew 
Another well deserved winner!Congratulations to the Our Family team 
Danni M ripping it up at Perth arena top voice 
You know you're having a good 
Thanks for the lovely surprise waiting in the changing rooms before the game last night. 
Glad to see my old friend 
Thank you Fiona!!!   Welcome to the 
Course open and ready to play 
It’s time to wish a sad goodbye to Mared Davies 
The Leeds Housing Hub reopens next week! Come see us for all your housing needs 
Just registered for my ticket for a full day of design heaven at  
Read what we do to keep you safe during this DDoS attack: 
Pitch is looking fantastic for today’s under 18 welsh cup match v Glantaf thanks Iestyn 
Looking to learn Apex? Want to teach Apex to advanced admins? Check out 
Fantastic news young en 
Many congrats and delighted with a highly commended for 
Great blog. “Tribal” 
Thank you very much indeed, Ray. Wishing all of you a very happy and restful end to your weekend as well!Have a terrific evening! Cheers!  
Awesome Cup win ladies! 3-0 away win against Swindon for the NPTC Swans Ladies football Academy today! 
As a result of complaints from followers regarding busses, today we trailed a new approach to 
100 percent agree. Way more deserving. 
Slightly gutted not to have a ride for the Sunflower Races at Bishopscourt this weekend. Wish everyone a safe weekends racing 
Nowadays, there’s an erosion of public trust. It’s hard to trust anything from government & media. This is why ordinary people (like you and me!) now have a bigger, more credible voice. -paraphrasing 
 Sherburn in Elmet tweet a woo!! Check out this bread good job Hannah 
Thanks Roachy, was a pleasure to play with you mate 
Baa Baa Black sheep
Last night of holiday!! And had to walk to the oldest Italian trattoria in Boston for someone to have Penne Arrabbiata!! 
Looking forward to a great event QMUPhysio CSPScot thecsp GussieGrips 
Twitter needs some happy news today... here's Jack after completing his Star Wars kinder egg toy collection 
It was a pleasure to share this talk. What a great interview for 
I've already read mine. Very entertaining 
Woke up today in a new job as a Dads Coordinator for 
Great time in Australia few day ago, thankyou to all the supporters
 showed that using intravenous tranexamic acid in cases of 
HRPTeam ready for every occasion
 Arizona!!!! Amazing 
Always happy to support small businesses, especially when the customer service and support is as amazing as yours! 
NPTC Sport & Public Services @ Cefn Saeson Comprehensive school
A fantastic effort from the team from 
After 40 years service this 
Nearly ready for our annual charity night 
Fantastic end to the U14 Indoor tournament at Whitgift school. The boys beat Trinity 2-0 in the Semi final and then lose a very close final against Whitgift 0-1.Thank you to 
Come join us tomorrow 
Really like this but you missed a opportunity to give a 
Glad to have ab racecrusiers with me for 2018 and maybe 2 more 
Looking for a quick & delicious dinner tonight? Order 
Wow, great work 
There is always something special about Saturday mornings at Shoda!! 
Enjoying our two days @carltonvaleacademy running our 
Anyone know any colleges around Leeds that have football and rugby teams for 
Great fun and camaraderie at Cardiff Chiefs training, new players of all abililties welcome Sunday 1-3 
A heads up to any masters cross racers heading to worlds and need a dry place to warm up and a trainer, 
Scottish cup next season 
Awesome charity - have a brilliant night this Saturday 
Funny stuff big man!
In 6 days we build, settle, serve over 70 Barrels of real ale, supply entertainment & then pack up. All done by a group of volunteers. Next time there’s a real festival nearby please support and attend if possible. Thank You to our great volunteers 
I am so humbled by the bright future we have 
Well done to Hireup team member Ben for his pitch today! Now off to 
Looking sharp mate! We just figured out it’s internet & Tech awards. Great stuff...
THE COUNTDOWN IS ON! Only one day left to get your mitts on original artwork in our Oodles of Doodles auction. Get the perfect gift for the booky minded art lover in YOUR life!  
Now that's dedication. 
I followin Toddy's mystery mention 
This great fan of our work visited us at 
Glad you enjoyed yourselves everyone! Hope to see you again soon! 
Thank you guys it was a very wonderful and awesome experience 
4 sure ..Its a double ruby 
Great to hear Laurie, hope the games come in useful 
Gentle reminder that parental smugness feels great but please, keep it to yourself peeps. 
Inspiring to hear the thoughts of children about Hate Crime 
Great to hear our colleague Will Steffen give a great key lecture at Oxford University this afternoon 
Year 6 have some great odd socks. Well done 
Excellent, good luck with the search 
What a smashing weekend ahead !
Really enjoyed hosting the twitter live Q&A session today on firefighter recruitment. Thanks for all the questions and interest. 
Just finished UN High Level Mediation Course in Switzerland. Fantastic well organized, great people. Thanks
Buy tracks like this AND raise money for 
The Maths Challenge Event 
I’ve decided to join the 
Huge 'well done' to all of 
If your state is voting today, pay attention in polling place parking lots while you're out exercising your civic duty 
This week,  together with partners 
 and thank you for providing the tea for the first outing of my 
Keeping in the spirit of Xmas stuff being done earlier each year I’ve already took my Christmas tree down and binned it. 
Wow!!! Congratulations 
 was a great gig. So many influences there, but with a new sound, energetic and heartfelt soul. Loved it, will deffo c u again. 
Great to meet you last night 
I think it’s safe to say that our 
An amazing weekend of book launches and writing workshops at our friends at the Nikkei Centre 
Blessed is the word Sally . 
What a fantastic card our friends at 
Great opportunity to win these unique boots! Get your bids in!! PLEASE RETWEET 
Love it! Just need the glorious music in the background 
Great interview Matt Hill, Robbie's a great man & races in the mighty Saints colours 
As part of 4th bday celebrations - you can now vote for performance, hero & parkrunner of the year.  Full details on the Facebook page 
Privilege to share moments & play small part 
Firsts 4-1 Grace Utd, Reserves 3-1 Church of Christ FC. Good days work 
This was a grapefruit and pomegranate one - fantastic - the nettle one was also very 
The boys are back on tour, honour has returned to the BCR name 
Great live reporting. 
Wristbands ready for Saturday! £3 on the door, no advance tickets required 
Fantastic girls! Will hopefully get to watch the next round!
Can any parents and children fill an hour time slot on Sat 2nd Dec from 11-4pm at Asda Govan? Looking to make our bag pack a big success and raise money for school funds! Thanks to all who have already volunteered 
While you're out and about this weekend please help keep Sefton clean 
Promoting the importance of PDNS in the patients journey 
It’s official AMERICA’S LAKERS PODCASTNo, literally, it’s official.The OFFICIAL podcast of the Los Angeles 
"Don't be a dick!" - Lena Waithe 
Ah lookie look - two years ago we were at the finals for the National Mumpreneur Awards! We didn't win (obvs) but what a fun day. Shame that 
TLC Supports and co operated with the SOS project for Children in Need on BBC 1 tonight. 
Good shift from the lads tonight 
 thanks for the follow back, couldn't recommend your company enough we will certainly be back 
$6 Moonlight Spy looks tempting at Armidale. In form 
Ready for the Christmas market in Doonbeg great 
Couldn't agree more with this Jordan 
Congratulations Mali well done and thank you for your service 
Nice little hip-hop collection in, some classic stuff 
Thank you to everyone who helped us raise £79k for the 
You are a class act Row them vocals get better every gig 
JMPD Anti-drug Op in Westburry is yielding good results, 3 drug dealers arrested in 1 day (1 on Eric St and 2 on Hoy St), good job JMPD 
Well it's not every day you can say that ....... Proud as Punch . 
A great event and good to have so many BA and MA students in attendance - 
Tonight 8:45 CT - Vote for me in Best Whip by posting "
Our new trailer is looking good after its makeover today don’t you think? Thank you 
New notice board in the canteen! Look there for info on teams, fixtures, etc!! 
Well done to this year's shortlisted nominees for our Creativity Award! 
Dad may, or may not be about to get into the festive spirit & play some Christmas Carols...... The Dawley 'Jockeys' know how to have a good time 
I know Katie Hopkins will be gutted if people miss this given she posted it at 2am so help her out and spread it far and wide 
Born and bred in this great city of 
1st Active Schools Karate session @ Thornwood Primary breakfast club. Hard work, fun & laughter. A great start to the day
Great to have guys! Same again next time? 
Comp 3 for our Maxwell Turf Hardener launch, we're giving away a Maximise Resilience Package + HH Deluxe Body Warmer! RT & fav to enter 
2 years as a mentor with the same mentee and loving it 
National Lottery players, it's 
Got mine too! Will be funtimes 
Yes! Great tune! 
We're currently discussing what events could be brought to 
Happy that we passed the group stage but this is the worst pcs i ever played on lan 
Full episode is up now!  Follow the YouTube link! 
Ah yes “Phosphor Bronze.. for it's colour & tone“ 
We are so proud of our ladies at Tesco East Didsbury completing race for life today. Well done to you all 
We could not be more proud of the children today, performing at the 
After the sound problems of last Friday night, Gintis return for a hopefully better date in Jan with Martin Carr 
Bean's speech at St Andrews to celebrate her time 
Good man Brian I know it’s going to be a best seller top  Donegal man !!! 
Another good win this morning for my under 12s, keep it going lads.
New vlog! This place is insane!! Wow 
Take a look! Great to be working with 
 check out this great project, they need some more well-deserved support. Good luck 
Aussies 90 dominance & 
All to play for at the top of the Wilkinson division 
A good day for the Royal Navy at the Welsh Indoor Rowing Championships today!! 
If you haven’t already done so, please do have a look at and make use of our fantastic e-learning resource, 
Go buy one guys. They are fantastic 
Do you want to contribute to society when you graduate? Want to work in a varied role that allows you to develop valuable skills? Then you need to be at the JP Café TOMORROW to meet the 
Whoooo hooo happy birthday Gilbert. 17% off. Don’t mind if I do!  
 Glorious Run Continues in 4th Week.
Cheers guys let’s do one next year too. 
Disappointing result tonight but the fans were incredible. Now time to rest up & get ready for next season 
Thanks to all our customers old, new 
U18 indoor hockey team qualify for North of England finals. 4-1 victory in the semi put us into the North East final where we drew 2-2, unfortunately losing to a golden goal in ET but North Finals here we come  
If you are passing our favourite iconic location 
Delighted that one of the pilots still flys for us and hopefully we can track down the other for Jade to meet them. 
Check out the latest local news in this week's 
We have raised over £300 at school today for Children in Need. 
Wonderful to see Mr. Heron keeping old tech in the hands of students in support of their learning
All 4 of us have landed in 
Great meeting you too Lee!
We're whipping up festive cake magic with 
It's all about the glutes in 4 easy exercises! 
Cast your vote!! 
Good luck to Oxford city at Notts county today...ENJOY..Nothing to Fear but Fear itself..
Very impressed with this one @angelbrew@ing  
That's great to hear, we always try to help as much as possible! Have a great weekend 
Quick! Now is your chance to come over before it starts raining again. Good luck. 
We'll also be sharing key insights on 
Don't forget to vote!!! 
Think about that, at UCF our strength is in our numbers. 
Oh My God. This 
In some ways, the perfect metaphor for political debate in 2017 
Meet the teacher evening is in full swing - our children are so proud to share their books and achievements so far this year 
Good luck to Michael & Janine with the new 
A few more from this morning, that lovely Moggie had "for sale" in the window too! Spot the Heron?
Keep them quiet for like 90mims 
Wonderful evening spent at Northfields Night Market! 
Make sure you pick up an open day booklet for a full timetable of talks & subject sessions throughout the day 
Well done Harpreet and Lesley! (And so many many more) 
The Pat Man did the biz!! 
Exciting opportunity for 2018 U16’s non scholarship players 
Are YOU a couple who can't agree on the 'big stuff'? You know... pizza or a curry? Dogs or cats? Jaffa Cake or Party Ring?Tweet 
Impy Dark wins Gold 
Back shock working like a dream.  
How many tickets do you want for 
Picked up some great cured meats from 
Very excited to be part of the new  
Nice wheels son. Well done and good luck. 
Good morning everyone - another weekend looms and members of the Special Constabulary will be reaching for their uniforms, keeping their communities safe 
I might have some bias Motorway Cops have the X Factor 
The man of the moment - our very own 
When the First Minister replies to your tweet! 
If Reelow is feeling it... 
Yay! This is for the research that informed our Eating Well with Dementia booklet. Congrats to all 
Lovely to meet ye on Friday night. All the best with the new company 
Hey Songsters!! Don’t forget we are 
Just a few of our big winners tonight!
Just saw first few episodes of 
 Great start to the Tri-Nation Under-19s Tournament for 
Only one National Stadium though! 
Just a reminder that a  short survey has been emailed out to all this year's attendees. We would really appreciate your honest feedback on this year's conference as it will help immensely in our planning for next year!  
Not one car in sight out running at 5:15am this morning, hard to beat the peace and quiet 
Keep breaking things. Never stop trying! 
Huge congratulations to the year 10 netball team, winners of the Ann Smart U16 County Championships! Well done girls you were all outstanding! 
ATC Cadets in front of a Valiant 27/4/55 at Gaydon. The co pilot is giving a thumbs up from the cockpit 
All set and ready to launch ‘It’s a Gin Thing’ 
Vote for the Teacher Help team video in a competition on the importance of research validated products and evidence based interventions! Project supported by 
Voters gave drive-through voting a big 
Play time before Isle of Man, sounds great 
£20 for 3 days of great authors, events and company! What an absolute bargain. You get to support a great event put together by passionate book lovers as well 
Thanks for the support, I'll have to send over a Catalans one! 
A resilient performance from the U15 Girls against 
Let me make this absolutely clear dressing up a pay rise with an attack on our existing terms&conditions that cause a detriment to patients&staff will be met with resistance&anger by nurses. You can only push us so far. 
Excellent session with Andrew Grant- hire people on attitudes - skills can be taught 
At first I just thought it was out of stupidity that America voted for 
Test. Expect unexpected changes. Null results are still good. Iterate. Thanks Mariel Beasley. 
Or is it that you showed all that passion and determination you give 
Looking for the latest place to head for breakfast in 
Thank you to Roy for donating his shirt & the 
Had some really nice feedback some constructive criticism.learning and developing all the 
Congratulations mate, buzzing for you. Enjoy yourself, you deserve it. 
I need to clone myself to get more work done faster. Also, need to not stop funneling 
2018 Calendars ready and available to order now 
123rd Annual General Meeting, Awards for Clubs and Volunteers for their continued effort and support 
Congrats Gary. Awesome job. We are following each other. Retweeting for support. 
Thank YOU. Despite all the technical expertise that you share with clients like me, it is the humanity of 
“Sharing leadership” is one of 
banned from the Eaton centre for a year w/ 
We are going to show some of these sessions on the FA Level 1 course starting tomorrow 
What a brilliant day teaching boys only master classes with over 50 boys attending. Great stuff 
We have a fab view of the training exercise. 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas on the 
Editing VS Holiday. Taylor, obviously, nailed this! 
Good luck to all our sports teams this afternoon 
Well done Adam fantastic result 
A Youth & Family Entertainer 
Will you be joining us to be an Antibiotic Guardian this month? 
4th defeat on the bounce for us yesterday but demonstrated fight for the first time this season. We shall keep on at it game after game 
 thanks for the second Best Dressed nomination of the weekend.
Thank you to PCSO Donna & PC Graeme for arrange a day of action 
It looks absolutely delicious Nigel...
Really impressed by C4 today. Big table out in the bay, 4 patients sitting round tucking into lunch. 
Tune in this evening at 7pm on BURN FM with some nice tunes from 
This just arrived in the post from the brother 
Finished ‘It’ by 
Our CEO Robert joined the event 
Pre-Christmas galavanting 4 of 5 tonight... after 
Wonderful combined anthem by Wisconsin/OhioState marching bands 
A rather common question: how does electrodermal activity (EDA) differ from heart rate variability (HRV)? Was also discussed today at 
Make bone marrow gravy and turn roast beef up to 11 
Look at this! You can now bring comments over when you copy a document in 
This salon is amazing!! 1st class if you need anything to do with hair!! Look them up people 
Today I have been mostly signing stuff like a proper author! Only about another 400 to go!! 
 "Buddy" says, 'thank you very much for sorting his broken claw out' ... excellent service 
Tonight is the inaugural meeting of a group working to make DocBike a stand alone charity & expand across the UK.
At our D&I world cafe in Alum Rock. Excellent discussions and honesty 
Will do mate...... I’ve also passed you details over to a guy called Neil at 
Lively today... thank you 
We’ve made it this week! Hello everyone, we trust you are all well 
I had the pleasure of hearing this one and it's great. The late 90s/early 00's IDM/electronic sound is close to my heart and this one ticks all the boxes 
Winter is weird u get colds n it doesn’t even snow it’s just cold rain but dw in a few weeks a fat man with a beard will give u presents
Proud of our girls! Performance that we waited for a long time. 
Really impressive improvements to children’s care 
Great talk yesterday Dr D! Very informative, fact laden and funny!!!!
 I get to wear a pirate hat 
We're joining leaders in 
Thank you for coming in to speak to our amazing mentors!!! We 
Epic Armageddon IPA won a GOLD medal at the 2017 
Turkey has a long tradition of South-South cooperation and is #1 per capita aid provider in the World 
The book of the week “Distracted Mind” 
Rustic herringbone floor install today 
Haha oops!It was such a pleasure to see you and chat with you again Ata. You’re so sweet and it’s easy to see why 
Good example of a lad that has always been VERY left-footed being brave and taking the chance on his right side 
Have a great evening Glenn..
What a great day. Thank you 
Good morning! It's that time of the year when I'm back in at 
Abhi's Friend - Satish from 
More free movies starring strong, independent women? E+E Showtime has you covered 
Once alerted to an incident we are able to react/assist with the right course of action 
Happy birthday to one of the craziest guys we know 
Patrols around the choc fest event today at the cattle market 
 Want to Protect ya neck with style !? 
and not forgetting the gurus of data and much more @DavidBazandall 
This remix is dope chords and throwback vibes and all around 
 Mini Sports Leaders developing knowledge of Physical Fitness & learning how to coach beginners swimming 
Hoping that we continue to see good progress with this 
Another Lot launched! Feed the cheetahs at 
Bryans begin with a win! 
Kannada philosophers seem to have positively impacted the IT industry with their thoughts.  The new Nokia facility have collaborative spaces named after our Philosopher poets Basavanna & Allama. 
 delivered me something in 10 minutes that was supposed to get delivered in 50 minutes. Service response 
All WRUFC games ON today, and a lovely day up the Dale, so why not make a full day of it and also visit the fabulous Grassington Dickensian Festival 
Our international nurses who have passed their OSCE say that PPD support was amazing. 5/5 passes
Happy to see new companies, education partners & stakeholders joining the European Alliance for Apprenticeships! Well done 
Just donated excess cash raised by the 
Brussels is lovely at this time of year Meghan - 
Have your say in shaping the support 
Day 3 of pre-polling at the State election: more than 39,500 people voted!!
Woo hoo first pre-print paper I was actively involved in writing. 
Looking for a little audio inspo? Listen to these great podcasts about women & tech. Thanks 
Listening to Cindy Brown of Chippewa Valley Bean at Fargo Bean Day doing a great job promoting the 
Just finished this one inspired the Mourne mountains.  let me know what you all think.
I didn't see them Jimmy 
Product and quality training most important part and fun
The reserves make it 3 in a row for the first time in a long time! 5-1 away against thorpe wood. Goals from 
Great stuff. So much for the kids -
I fucking love puddles me like 
Opportunities to change your life & help your community.Applications now open 
 Me and my giant mixing hand. 
Hello Gang, Mr Marcin Pulik will be available for bookings from 1st January 2018 for PERSONAL TRAINING, NUTRITIONAL CONSULTATIONS, COMPETITION PREP exclusively at Giants Gym! 
Cathedral of Speed for us next, realy looking forward to Assen love the 600 
Boditrax is the insightful fitness tracking programme that monitors weight, muscle, metabolism and cellular performance 
A big 'thank you' to 
Highly recommend you get to this talk on mental health and happiness. Hugh's speaking in Sydney this Friday 
Just around the corner from award-winning gardens 
Cracking result. 3 on the bounce and games in hand with sides we’ve taken points from away. Well played 
barkingdbelfast Lovely meal as always guys. Especially my favourite 
Wow!!! A superb performance by one of LAPD's finest in the singing of the National Anthem at game 6 of the World Series.  Beautifully done
Our new website managing our online sales is now 'live' 
Big shout to Katie. We know how dedicated she is to supporting young people. Worth her weight in Platinum... 
Make sure you set a reminder for the forth episode of 
Home game this weekend! Hope to see you there 
Had some bad games at the start but finished with a 3rd place in game 4. 
An adult male has been arrested from an address in the Chantry area of Ipswich West this morning on suspicion of Cannabis Cultivation following a positive Drugs Warrant. Enquiries ongoing
We are extremely proud to announce that Curtins has once again been awarded a place in the Building Good Employers Guide. We have now featured in the guide each year since its launch in 2007! 
An excellent, free footy book requires  simply visiting our pinned tweet, a RT and 2 follows. Worth a few clicks surely? 
December is here and that means that it's totally legit to start listening to holiday music and sneak a few holiday games into your lessons 
I'm glad my friend 
We've seen it, thanks 
Always put your best foot forward 
Happy Monday everyone!!! 
Nice one mate great night 
More great progress made with the 
Get excited! It's nearly time for our Games Lecture from 
Here it is ! The official trailer of 
it's so much fun! Thank you! 
Today - lunch for 60. Tomorrow - all of Bath! We open TOMORROW and we're ready for you... 
En route home from 3-day meeting of F-35 Joint Exec Steering Board in Amsterdam: 310 days until 617 Sqn stands up with F-35 at RAF Marham
A year ago today i watched 
Noel sounding fresher, newer, different, better 
The YMCA provides accommodation to some of the most vulnerable in our society. It offers a safe and supported environment where individuals can use this stability to plan and move forward in life. Great work guys 
Couldn’t be achieved without the professional services of @AffideaIRL . The one company who were prepared to provide the full package 24/7 
Thanks for the kind words, Gaz 
We've had a really good week and now just looking foward to tomorrow. Should be a special match. 
User-centred design being promoted in the new 
Wonderful to meet the extremely talented 
Make sure you check out the Fairy FAQs on our free app!! Just search "Fairy Valley" in your app store! 
Delighted with Moll - she is a super mare 
"Categories are rarely permanent, & most important work is done by people who don't easily fit in" 
 year 9 maths workshop up and running. Come along after school on a Thursday A20 for support with homework and or revision. 
Wow!!! Just amazing great psu tactics 
Audience Movie Review: "The film will stir you to your core" says MJ 
Now here's an interesting concept! Love people who think outside of the box 
Our S3-S4 team at the active schools badminton competition. Well done guys 
Inspirational story. Congratulations, Andy 
 Here’s some pics of normal birth positions! Check out our FB page for more info 
Rural Pride Officer Suzanne Preston 
GREAT NEWS! Amazing offer has been extended till Nov 23rd! Book now whilst you can 
Just donated excess cash from the 
Well deserved peeps! Congratulations! 
Kindness is like a gentle breeze, it spreads around this world. Year 6 
WOW - Oldie but Goodie SALE! SKINNY-DIPPING by 
Please note that the club shop will be open from 1:30pm - 6pm today. 
All ready to host the end of year awards for 
Thrilled and immensely proud to receive this today from 
Malcolm Subban participated in practice today
 day 24 Big day today 
Good start for England, plenty of possession in the large chips with gravy area of the pitch 
Morning Al!! Have a Kick Ass day my friend!! I will be listening in as always to you in the afternoon!! 
Hot tip to my creative buddies: go to cancel your creative cloud sub saying it costs too much and they’ll offer you two months free 
Anyone in Andorra today for the Vuelta make sure you get to 
Big shout out to the wonderful Tymon, our waiter at 
This Anti-Obesity Day, I pledge to fight against Obesity
The same for me as well.I heard stories about a fantastic Transformers series on the Hub, and when I found it, it ended up being my favorite Transformers series of all time. 
We've still got hosts lined up for 
Great to see the new promo video for studying horticulture in Ireland 
Our last Indiegogo campaign for SurBook raised over $1million and CoreBook is here to surpass every expectation 
Parliament beckons again nxt week updating 
Wonderful longlist again this year for the Dublin Literary Award.  Great to have this collection available for UCD students and staff to read or borrow - when the exams are over 
Boulder is over Ibiza. I’ll take it! 
The stage is all set for the launch  tomorrow of 
Great fun at Sensory Play today! 
As Phillip said: Apologies in advance if you find anything offensive during this clip, however, we think it is important to allow Ryan to speak freely 
Well done Cian Keogh 
All welcome - come and see what we can offer you. See you there 6:15pm in the theatre 
This scheme is life saving. 170 applications made in Worcestershire in last two years
Well done Beth. You did a great job staying in there and hanging on to the jersey. 
Loved playing The Alexandra Public House last night!
Win a fab weekend away 
Today I get my first pay packet from my new job. For two weeks work I've been paid more than a whole month as a cop 
The Welsh TT returns to Eppynt Circuit in August 2018 after a gap of 65 years! Well done to all concerned in making this happen! 
Great minds think alike .
Well done to Aidan Fitzpatrick playing his part in a 2-0 victory for Scotland U17s today v Wales 
Yoooo THIS ONE IS A TRUE LOVE , He kept this Tee for 6 years God bless him 
First field training after 4 months 
It's thumbs up for Monday in 
Ed Clancy will be joined by Tom Moses today while Jon Mould is at Canada World Cup. Jon will be back for final round in Manchester 
Great choice! A skipper that leads by example, gives it 110% & never backs down 
Pasta and then bed ready for tomorrow 
I agree with Prince William 
We had a great morning at the Boscombe 10k (sponsored by Runderwear!) Great to see so many people out 
Head to the Kawasaki Stand now for autographs with 
LATEST tax whip countJohnson 
Update on new digital high street initiative for 
Great news! Loving my wraps so far - such a brilliant idea. 
Being in Helmsley would of been rude not to 
Great 5-1 win at home to Peacehaven for the 18s this morning Goals from Townsend (2), Langford, Burcombe and B. Santos Great team performance 
It's going 2 be a amazing show this year with these 2 lovely people 
69 (-4) in final round to finish 13th in the tour championship. Thank you 
Have you ever tried the roast at 
Loving these Fox paint brushes from 
All set up and ready to taste 
We've got the best readers in the world... FACT! 
A lovely wander down the canal with 
Cracking early evening view 
Intimate and banging venue....oh and banging Trance and DJ's 
Really enjoyed speaking w 
Thanks giving on it's way & Winter has landed. With the darker shorter days can also come SAD, take time to look after yourself 
That’s a wrap for this seasons 
3 years ago teammates at school now teammates for 
"The time is right for disruption in the fashion industry" 
It’s how I run my life .... many thanks John 
*Our* Welfare Support Programme! Very much a team effort with PFOA and you’re right, so important 
Today's Teatime Themetime is courtesy of Paul in Stevenage... Cheers Paul! 
 listed Breckenridge's International Snow Sculpture Championships as one of the #1 reasons to travel this winter!  
Vote for India's Personality of the year 2017. 
Had a great time at my old school 
Legit walked past this earlier and made a yelping sound and a lady by Wagamama looked angrily at her dog. Soz, lady, t'was meself freakin' 
Wow look at the pudding amazing 
Thanks for all the excitement over the last year Paul 
Please cast your vote by 01 December 
Fab achievement for our radar team 
Happy Monday! Shout out to 
What a day promoting Sligo thanks 
Pragmatic use-case driven approach to city wide 
  yellows u11’s showing support for 
Want to come to our FREE MAKER WORKSHOPS this weekend? Sign up on the day or email us to secure your place 
Yesterday I spent time with fantastic people serving as Peace and Development Advisors, arranged by NUPI. 
PS can you now unblock me from your twitter account 
Anthony Joshua tickets up for grabs. Shout me if interested 
Have a great meeting. 
"Fantastic food, and it was all Gluten Free 
We like to hear that?  Fancy writing a 
Today let's walk in 
If you’re in the UK, switch on Channel 4 now... One of the best F1 Season reviews ever. Top job 
That was a amazing thing you did DG 
Winner of our ticket giveaway, 
BRAVA, Congratulations, keep up the great work
 Pls RT Jenny - Nominations for 
Please take extra care when cycling or driving through Victoria Embankment. Security barriers have been put in place narrowing the lanes. Not sure if these are temporary or how long they will be in place. Either way please take care 
The result was bad but thanks for the big support in Millwall yesterday 
The MC75 - framed ready to be hung on the office wall 
Do you want to join our Santa fun run?! All in aid of Severn Hospice 
On behalf of the staff at the new 
Trying to make a difference with no agenda and no motive. 
We don’t think the guys at Unibet will  mind if we tweet this! 
C’mon Lincolnshire’s no. 1 team 
Final day for our 5th Birthday 
Morning! If you're heading to 
What a fantastic achievement and so well deserved 
Worthy of an RT here well deserved Tony,a worthy finalist..Good Luck 
We just hit 10,000 followers! 
Recently had my bathroom done and found a brilliant plumbing company 
agreed! Such a fun morning and worth the 6am wake up call 
 One of the Best crime thriller in recent time.Best wishes for grand success to young team 
Total RP 3 version 1.2.9 is now available on 
Signing in mandarin as well:-) great work Susanne 
The reviews are in! Ellon "fantastic job" 
Some great sharing of improvement approaches at the 
S/O to international award winning superstar Trooper & great guy 
Resetting your device can get complicated, check out this article for help! 
Got my physical copy of "Pete Sounds!" by Mr 
Thanks to everyone who came to see us on our stand at the 
Brilliant to meet you we landed safe 
 Episode 20(!) tmrw with top actor and top human 
Something for the weekend?  Why not catch up on Episode 20 of 
 Absolutely incredible show last night. Thanks for everything
Apparently Gran Canaria isn't full of tourist tac 
In Ottawa? Heading to 
It's Saturday! Good morning everyone, Sam and Alice here to answer your Flybe related queries. 
For great food and quality moment try Bannatyne Hotel
Love seeing customers displays, products look great on shelf 
Nice little mention in the current 
4 x 830 booms, 2 x 830 snare stands, gorgeous 
In the studio today listening to  
Can't wait for the games, already in the Hotel bar in North Wales trying to warm up 
The 2015 election night gig was excellent. Unexpected & massive swing against LNP seized up Mr Green’s machines but everybody rolled with it brilliantly. Every success with the 2017 election night coverage 
Took the new dockless bikeshare for a spin. Big fan 
Great to see such a positive attitude towards disability from a police force 
Excited to announce that I'm co-chairing the 
Brilliant - well done & thank you 
Great Made in TV feature celebrating the strength of regional TV&Film production, feat. 
 ...the most talked about new age women-centric film on the way  
Tonight is the night! Good luck 
Andrea Riseborough in Battle of the Sexes 
Our Christmas menu is in full swing now - 2 and 3 course optionsCheck out the menu and please RT 
If you're looking for some track time at Newport get yourself over to one of these sessions 
Great first lap , sorry about the flies!! 126.9 mph average and a  bit more to come 
 (aka #19) here's a little throw back .... My dad Mark Kelly would love to catch up 
Nice video, good to see a club ride in progress riding well..... They are doing nothing wrong by the way. Driver needs to drop back though 
Thanks Nicholas—great to hear you're loving the changes 
Tough game against Toulon today gutted with the loss. Massive thanks to all are 
Good to get a winner today 
Thank you to all of our customers who attended our Charity Golf Day a little while ago and helped us raise £4,700 for the amazing Steve Bull foundation. If you would like to find out more about what the charity does, please visit 
Musicians just wanna make a dollar. Support by buying songs on 
Love this... Share widely! 
Nice one Robbo lad 
Congrats on awesome new start, 
Check that out, top 5 this weekend for Retro Asylum. Thanks for the support. 
Great 3-0 win vs Argentina today.. Perfect start to the World Cup 
Rejuvenating Eye Gels are here to soothe and keep puffy eyes in check 
If you're after a signed copy of 
You’ve got one cool dad. 
gradual desensitization into comfortable numbness 
Thank you for all of your support! If you haven't heard it, you can find my new single "Believe Me" on Spotify 
Can’t wait to see my boys face walking out with the teams tonight in a massive game.
Wasn't familiar with this hop.... Massive passion fruit hit from this new 
“TGIF” Going To Be A Great Weekend
Today at 2pm est...Learn how crypto is going to make the world a better place .... one block at a time 
Cross-border journalism at it‘s best! 
Very productive day today. More news soon 
Make sure you put this great event in your diary. Hosted by 
A massive thank you to Deb 
I think it looks great 
Fabulous time last night at The Principal Hotel where we showcased great Christmas ideas alongside Laing's jewellers Robert Graham cigars whisky from Peatreekers thank you all for a great 
If you have a second pls vote for my pal 
You’ll never whinge alone 
The ins and outs covered in 
Very quick clip of the gyr x prairie taking the lure on the quadcopter 
Proud of our 2 minute beach clean board 
New cask, keg and ciders to go with your free cheese mountain tonight. More cask changes coming 
I am loving this steam shower 
Very very nice interview dear 
We’d really appreciate your support please 
Thank you! We're very excited 
Calm before the storm!! 
Thinking about what to have for lunch? Why not try our fresh soup & a sausage roll for only £1.99 
Congrats to our u10 team who lifted the Paddy Daniel Memorial Cup for the second year running!!! Well done guys 
Great to meet the team and amazing supporters 
 Like, if your Singer is like this guy.
Hard fought point away from home against a good side 
Opening night tonight for our Annual Art Exhibition in aid of Anita's Orphanage Cambodia. Hope to see you at some stage 
Thank you for the reminder just booked! 
Vikings look solid today! 
You meet the nicest people 
This game looks BADASS!!!!!!!! Can't wait to play it 
Good game, very good ref, fun morning. 
This is well worth checking out 
Feeling 200% smarter about design systems after day one of 
Need temporary vehicle insurance cover? Look no further than Dayinsure and be like Frank  
Eventually succumbed to popping over the water for the Morpeth Hawfinches. Pleased I did, great views of 2 of them. Thanks to 
Love that one!,
We're liking your field catering style 
Just had another thought: Irvinestown Salad 
Welcome to the One Call Stadium, home of 
Along with those great Lance Storm Tee's you can get "Brisco Booster" and "I'm a Les Thatcher Guy" Tees as well. Jump on this sale!
Great visit of 200 MW 
Dun and Bradstreet Dublin Thanksgiving party. Prizes and games. 
You guys were absolutely awesome at the fleece in Bristol last night !!! Right up there with the real thing 
Fiat 500 parade Goodwood Revival 2017. Counted 113 cars 
Perfecting my start for the 100 tomorrow   
They are coming next....
Here's to the legacy of the past and to the potential of the future 
Was it worth a one mile foot chase? Absolutely. A nice rugby tackle to finish off and another dealer in cuffs 
When you need four tables for all of the food that staff brought in! 
 julianjamesashton shooting for the moon.  
So 5.1 has now got 3 new HVP operators assessments went well GR8 students all week and it paid off for them today 
Thanks so much for everyone’s support and recommendations for the 
Trump gives a section of the Eppynt Circuit a big thumbs up 
Thank you too all the UKHooligans fans for there support this year 
It’s actually excellent regulation. Well done to the BHA for putting punters first
How have I only just heard this.... 
....congratulations as well to members of 
Enjoyable day out for our young players today.  Thanks to 
Hope you're having a great Friday!I'll be visiting my newborn niece tomorrow, but will be home just in time to stream 
any breakout player or someone who massively improved this year got there by spamming the game (people who have impressed me are 
Been eyeing up our merch but just couldn't find an excuse to buy it? All our apparel is reduced till 2018 
Ours is Thursday 14 December 
Mike Hedges was absurdly not shortlisted as Watford's Labour candidates after receiving all nominations, and was rightfully then included. Please share this widely 
Our FREE public yoga class in Clondalkin kicks off this morning from 8:30-9:30am. 
 ~5 minute install and setup. Not to shabby. 
A very deserved winner amazing achievements, we hope 
It’s in Wiswell near Blackburn in the North West of England. Worth a trip for sure 
A positive culture is vital, choosing the right guardian 
BBQ122/17: Rack on Black - New blog post now up: 
Thanks to everyone who attended my pop-up 
All the best to the Dale Today 
100 seat workcafe and servery almost ready for handover to client in Dublin for go live on Monday morning. Fantastic job by the 1080 team 
Tonight! It's 
This was SO fun. Thanks to 
Doing her bit to give back to Glasgow our 
Tricky's thoughts on G's 1H... 
Make sure you use the Jack and the Beanstalk Snapchat filter when you come along to any of our panto shows from TONIGHT - Weds 6th December! Tag us in your photos we'd love to see them! 
Well done Lindsay, hope they enjoyed your expertise 
We’ve got a group of very hungry players & staff heading down this afternoon. Thanks for having us 
any RT's would be incredible! Thank you 
good morning all from bargains HQ!! remember, we still having lots of stocking fillers instores! anna and gill helping you today 
Is the season to be thankful. I’m grateful for soooooo much. But I wish to thank all 
Busy Horace-ing some artwork up for Book number 3 
He's not sure who his favourite team is. Thanks to 
Nov 5-11, 2017 is 
 wow some dream. VI athletes achieving success. This will inspire others to reach for their dreams. Thanks Julie & James 
 great article about winter layering by 
Seasoning the new smoker. Jerky will be goin on in about 2 hours 
Finally got some fresh pics of our customers up 
Missed the show yesterday...?I recommend the HUGE 
You’re welcome, we hope you enjoy 
Make YOUR VOICE heard  & nominate your person today for 
Get to know the new guy E.J. Gaines on 
There are millions of kind words in the world that you can say 
6 of 8 teams already sold 
Thanks to everyone for contributing to Students'Council Colours'Day. We raised €1400 for charity. Great example of 
Thanks a million Tracie. Every vote counts 
Using case studies social media training 
Great to be involved in the kitchen refurb at 
1hr left in work b4 hittimg the road to see 
Thanks for all your support in 2017! 
Will be back very soon with my Loros bucket brimming with notes!!! ( if anyone sees me & my bucket then please drop some change in it! ) 
Support us with your Cyber Monday purchases! Go to 
 time!! Finally got around to assembling this guy 
Cyber Smart Week is a great chance to check your internet safety and increase your knowledge 
Be sure to follow the Future of Pop playlist on 
2018 is going to be a great year for 
When this kind Gentleman is identified we would like to give him a couple of free mini valets in Chinatown valet Centre. 
We’re super excited that 
Made up everything’s went through gutted i missed yesterday but happy to be at 
Looking for as many speedway fans as possible to support my new page supporting British speedway 
Yippeeeee!!! Best LGBT+ Friendly Visitor Atraction 
That's an excellent action packed trailer brother! Best wishes to you, Kalyani , Vikram and the entire 
Hi! I will be in Monaco this weekend to support No Finish Line. We will start the race on Saturday at 2pm at the Chapiteau de Fontvieille 
KZ balled out in under 3Qs of work, and you rocked the vote on Facebook.Teamwork at its finest for the 
I’ll never forget that day 
Big couple of weeks coming up for me - starting with the Tour Championship on the 
Check it out. Not long until Taking The Next Step starts on 
Can’t get over how funny the panto 
We want to know your curling ritual!!! Pre-game, post-game or anything in between!
It's my favourite time of the year back in 
 get well soon Jo. Instead of bringing you flowers or chocolates he's bringing you another 
Good luck to our friends and partners over 
WOW! Congrats on an incredible job 
Love this photo of Dana Ashbrook with Mark Frost 
Details of Raheny Shamrock day on Saturday 14th October - also check out Irish Runner mag for profiles 
Arts organisation thinking of live streaming an event? Here's some top tips from 
Single crewed PC Dartnell saw a drug deal take place. Followed and caught the dealer in a local park. 50 deals of crack and heroin, plus cash recovered. One in custody. 
Total pleasure. Great concert. 
And here they are....... 
Missed it?  Fear not - it’s now available on 
| What a fantastic week it's been so far. We’ve received some amazing feedback and delighted hundreds of clients - your event could be next!Get in touch 
Jocelyn Quinones got coverage for her family of 4 
Stuck for something to do this weekend ?? Why not come and support your local farmers market! Saturday 10-3pm 
Your the man to help....Packy lee 
We want to hear your views  
Wow what a Macau Grand Prix, this place never disappoints!! Well done to 
We all have a penchant for a bit of photoshopping inc Comrade Jezza Corbyn. 
And another one Mutation 
No wake n shake today 
Exciting news: the new 
Excellent, also for partners on maternity units too. And what a way to release time to care. 
Brian, your time in position 29 today at Birkenhead parkrun was 22:01. Well done...service powered by aql WOO HOO a 45sec improvement on recent times, my training plan (4×pint friday) is paying off 
 it’s on the stove today, first batch of the limited edition xmas special It’s a bit tasty...
Thanks to everyone who came to our show at the 
That is my aim every single night! I must be doing something right! 
Just the team saving a bunch of folks. 
Congratulations Blake! Great to see the NRC helping to prepare our Wallabies 
Clubman of the day without a doubt Colonel Justice 
Looking good! Cannot wait to have 
Thanks Manchester , got the worst hangover in history 
Teenage cancer trust drum auction “12 drummers drumming” going live tomorrow at 3pm GMT for drummers and music fans let’s do are bit 
Wow thank u - my late dad would be so happy thank you 
No problem, Moeen 
We can all take so many positives from 
Lots of good hockey and ball battles in 
Stopping to sign for fans waiting outside! 
Streaming for a bit, come say hi 
Tonight’s the night!! Best dressed, creepy cocktails from our new cocktail king, movies & live music 
3000+ buildings, 250+ changesets and great team effort from UCC 
This is for our Glaswegian friends who need their Picasso Brush fix! Get yourself down to 
Yes can't wait to see 
Great come back win pies boys! 
If you are avoiding coffee or tea, then why not have an iced chocolate?
Home game tomorrow on Saturday 
Thanks to City of Kigali leaders & Population, Rwanda National Police and RDF for making Kigali City clean and safe. Keep it up
Good luck to Coach Petrella, the staff, and all the wrestlers. You will be in a new home next year
 good luck, don't forget the stationary 
2018 GMS contract inspirational and yes, aspirational, but surely the right direction of travel. I'm also loving Lanarkshire's focus on transforming primary care 
Proactive late night patrols of 
Good luck to CSG girls 
Movember is over. We have raised $3305 so far
Interesting. The book sounds like a good read. 
Top Man Andy! Look forward to seeing you at some point during the season 
LOVING THIS! Thanks guys! 
Great evening, really enjoyed it 
Delighted he enjoyed it!!! 
Innovation and jazz!!! A real inspiring cocktail 
Track walk day, all ready for action tomorrow! Feel good and ready
My favorite ramen place in Bangkok — Tomato Noodle: 
I never watched a short film like this.Really Awsome.
and Conwy Best Bar None 
Woohoo tweeps we're offering Black Friday Week DEALS! Get in touch to save up to £200 on booths, beanbags, folders, biz cards, letterheads, Xmas cards & more  
Haha I am gald you liked it 
Wonderful New Preceptorship Nurses showing their commitment to the Hello My Name Is....... campaign  
AND GET EVERY episode full of tips and tricks if you dream of being a 
V timely...given the comments at yesterday seminar. 
Thanksgiving is a time to celebrate with family and friends.  Happy Thanksgiving to all, good health and be safe. 
Who hoo an honourary elf 
Hi everyone, Saturday again! Will and Denny are here this morning to answer your Flybe questions, feel free to get in touch if you have a query or need some assistance. 
Cheers Rowan (& sorry for the tardy RT) 
3 days left to bid for original artwork from the brilliant Simon Bartram & 
Suicide is on the rise because of gambling. Your R/T could just possibly save a life. Thank-you 
Budding engineers in PE. Building hula hoop CASTLES and teamwork
 Like us on Facebook and keep your eyes peeled for FOUR amazing giveaways throughout December, starting today! 
What a perfect end to an amazing week 
Good luck at the US Open to 
Keeping busy!!
If you have some time, please send some love to the social media team 
Hello teaser trending in 1st place. Advance Congrats to 
Great set from @jeliofyhebirds tonight. Beautiful songs & voice 
Boys and girls bring a healthy snack every day and earn their daily dojo point 16 out 22 p1s today. Well done 
Greet to see lots of local chefs and food be showcased in letterkenny fair play Zack u playing a blinder love the new chefs hat 
All the best to the whole team of “Aval”. 
Guys... Please support 
We're beyond thrilled for 
What a simple great idea
A wet Canberra welcome for 35 & 36 Platoons 
Idea for Stranger Things 3;just Steve Harrington 
2 min response time from the emergency services tonight..absolutely phenomenal and incredible. Massive respect 
Don't let frozen steak stop you from a delicious dinner! You can thaw 
It’s a wet, miserable evening but please don’t let that stop you 
So proud to see my mate 
Rhodium Silver 911 Targa 4S on site!-Graphite Blue Leather Interior-20" Carrera Classic Wheels-Sports Exhaust System-Sport Chrono PackageThumbs up 
Stamp duty abolished for all first-time buyers up to £300,000
We've got two last minute tickets for 
Some really smart items on the auction line up for the 
Sir! By the way, session will now spread across Xmas and New year. Should have Santa Claus in parliament.. 
Can someone recomend a decent repatriation/medical insurance for EU trackdays? 
It's gig week!!! On Sat 2nd Dec were returning to the 
Absolutely - please complete this survey - thank you 
Lentils with Butternut Squash and Goat Merguez Sausages - cracking dish for winter 
What a fantastic Christmas present for someone & all for a great cause 
Thank you for your attendance, looking forward to seeing you at the next meeting 
Tesco at its best. Race for life 2016 in the glorious sunshine 
Any textile manufacturers who cut fabric in high volumes should seriously consider bringing Pathfinder Cutting Technology machines into their factories... these high-quality automated cutting machines will maximise productivity in your workplace! Contact us for more details 
Check out Adams Vlog as he attended this weeks course. Great watch Adam!! 
Looks fab. Great pic 
Thanks for all the comments you've been sending through about this case. We still can't believe it, and it appears you can't either. Leaves us feeling really rather 
Off The Charts rattles home at 
This is why I love London’s Black Cab drivers. Here they are lining up to give veterans a free lift home after 
It's great to see a central shop selling ethical cosmetics and local food produce, also committed to reducing packaging 
So nice to win the Championship in 
It's Leeds Night Market this Thursday 
Texas A&M is now the largest 
Ta...& for the medics in the room if you have a 'legally contentious story' send it to the BMJ, they get stuff legalled...4th time Ive done this & not been sued (yet) 
Gutted to miss out today but good luck to the boys at Old Trafford! Recovery going well. 
Best wishes to everyone involved with 
Paisley Golf Club looking to recruit a Managing Secretary & Deputy Course Manager, please see image attached. 
Did someone say CAKE.?? I’m yer man.
We've joined forces with 
What a tremendous support for a Tuesday night game after a home game on the Saturday, glad we could send you home happy. 
A phenomenally swift and efficient service from 
What an awesome looking meal. Good work 
Black Clover - Live Lucky is offering 30% off their entire site to our Guests this 
Looking forward to this evening's talk 
Please remember school is CLOSED on Monday 27th November for staff training 
 We're throwing a double thumbs-up of support to 
Love this. Well played, 
Youth Squad 2017-18. Many thanks to 
 (folks in Europa) #1 Something a little special...same deal, $135 shipped anywhere in the world.... 
 within 16 hours & is trending No.1 at 
A good day for golfers called Koepka 
Great session today with 1st year cohort introducing and developing movement analysis 
 of the first half_tone_tee exclusive design...give my brother a like 
Went down a treat in the restaurant this evening -
P6 had a great time at their fundraising disco this afternoon. Their Christmas Jumper event raised a fantastic £121.50 for next year's Benmore trip! We'll done 
FANTASTIC remarks from today’s panel at today’s St. Louis Equity in Ent. Summit. Difficult & important conversation. Thank u 
“Serving other’s is important for all.” Great to listen to 
I feel bad for Frankie..he had a bad game..don’t want him to lose confidence and minutes..he will needs to get back on track..I still believe in him 
We're pleased to say we've been confirmed on the line up for the 2018 Icebreaker Festival 
Wait somewhere else for your bus today - check live departure times from any stop on your phone using the new 
Work sucks. Maybe 2016 I might take long service, drive to Adelaide, ride to Perth to raise $ for charity then race the 
  can’t wait to see Nigel’s smooth face!! 
Another day of CM assessments completed thanks to 
Elite Equine are delighted to announce that our EasyFix Steeplechases have been approved by RV to use on Australian Racecourses. 
Smart horse in the making by a very good sire...
Shawlands Academy will be 125 years years old in 2019 
Best of luck on your new adventure 
A fantastic morning with so many people at 
Can’t wait to walk out the match ball on Saturday for 
In Devon working on new tunes 
What a great Inclusion session 
Hello, I just followed back
Big THANKYOU to all the senior players who turned out to help coach the minis an juniors this morning. Great giveback! 
The best I've found is 
Great opportunity to ride in the pre-race truck with a driver around 
Charnock u15 lads with there new training tops thanks to 
Today's Top 3 YANGAROO Music Releases: 
Be 37% more attractive! Ward off zombies! Prop open doors! All possible simply by owning the 
I'll Nep that tune in one! Top quality 
Our first pre season friendly today 3-3 v 
Also huge thanks to green keeping staff 
Good !!! 
This couldn't sum up life as an athlete any better!
Second actions completed across the network 
What a beautiful spot for an avocado field day 
We’re celebrating the release of 
Come and join us this Thursday as we 
Lol wholly unsolicited and not a response to anything. 
Gutted missed it lol.....well done Darren & the Squad.....hopefully I will see much the same next week m8 
Thank you to the CooP for you support. Anyone in the Southsea or Old Portsmouth area see where can shop to help next year. 
Best of luck lads. 
Lovely message from one of our participants. She has now signed up for a half marathon! Glad we could help 
We are in the big top at Falls Park before The Wolfe Tones 
Congratulations to Kaelyn Underwood and Christiane Frye on being named a Beaver County Times 22 All Star
No women in sport event should start without playing the anthem Girl - daughter of Scotland - it’s a perfect fit 
Don't miss 6.30pm tonight at 
Don't have to use Jasmine with Jest? 
Thank you! We need more like you! 
 boys looking sharp out there again tonight. Can’t wait to get back amongst it 
Brand new interview on Panthers TV with the GMB at 2.
Tune in and learn from Erica Brescia about entrepreneurship, YC, building a tech company and software pricing strategies 
You bet @weworkboston - love working with you and looking forward to being back soon 
Top stuff mate. 
Just watched part 2. In 
 parkour chase with young & energetic King Shivanna &  
 Lovely to have met you Tom, hope you like the products 
Brought a huge smile to my face. Good things happen to good people.  WTG guys 
My SN feed is not working! Thank you 
Thanks for broadcasting Sober on your show 
Medi-facials, green juice & yoga 
EU-Startups reaches over 80,000 European 
Looking forward to learning about Cognitive Behavioural Chairwork tomorrow with 
Oh hi guys.  You might want to book ahead for our November 
Well done to our Neo-natal unit, it's just been rated as the best place for junior doctors to train and learn new skills by 
A lot fitter thanks to 
you are a man with a big heart you are a good person
That’s it for this week! 
Unfortunately I only get to spend the summers here. But the wife and pups get full time privileges
Well done you!!! 
Venture up the street towards the cooling towers (yes it’s perfectly safe& you won’t catch any nasty infections) & you will find this little gem right on our doorstep 
Hey guys,meet us today (20/11) 
Fab lunch specials of Scallops and pigeon 
Order by dates ending tomorrow are 
I spied that start of something new on Station Terrace today! CV I believe is a Vegan offshoot from 
An intense & interesting conversation with a genuine musician & a good man 
Worked w TYA Advanced  Nurse Practitioners 
Great to have you in guys! Incredibly excited to have you as neighbours 
Seano (081) posing on the concourse directly across the water from the Sydney Opera House.  I'm disappointed that the reporter didn't get the Opera House in the background, but Seano looking smug is 
Setting up my Panasonic lumix with Elgato capture card is impossible:1. Cam link needs to be connected to a USB 3.0 port. (I tried all my ports. What now??)2. Camera doesnt want to charge while connected to the computer
Massive progress is continually taking place, so looking forward to Spring 2018. Good Management, teamwork and reliable support = success 
Congratulations on the release of Pixelmator Pro and (hopefully) making 
Goodnight folks! I'm back 10am tomorrow.  Hope you all have a great weekend and make the most of the party season! If you are out at Christmas parties tonight and having a few drinks please take extra care travelling through our stations.  
Made some positive progress this weekend on our car. Ended up P20 but should have been a little better result. We will keep getting better 
I totally agree with you usha
Can we just take a moment to talk about this guy... 
Come and get your perfume and aftershave from Julie's down south street hull she will look after you 
This is great news! Congratulations Ingrid! 
This Hot Little Girl, Little Miss Chloe Noir Turns Me On Every Time I See Her! And I Just Got Done Watching Prep School Confidential! 
US Crew... Our 'Black Friday' sale starts now! Check out the 
Great first night at our Multi sports hub at Ayrshire College 
Our home is nothing but the people in it, and those who share it with us. Collaboration creates opportunity. We celebrate that together. Thank-you 
When you realize tomorrow = Tuesday = puppy night at 
Yep, the new Xcode 9 release makes life better for those using 
Hi Dancers, this week 
Please work your way thru this petition, annoying but so worth it 
We're working W/ 
Now taking your Christmas orders!Shop at Dales for locally farmed and fully traceable meat you can trust 
Drinks in Soho after work?Join us 
Can all our followers please vote for us to help us get funding for our facilities every user gets up to 10 votes 
For anyone who doesn't know, the UK has a National Ambulance Research Steering Group (
Nice! Enjoy. 
Happy Easter everyone hope you all had a great time today and have had plenty of chocolate.
Great performance by whole squad, great win , well done boys 
Our technician joshcandy95  doing a Stella job of refitting this range rover 
Leadership conference with YR leaders from across PA 
Best present for a runner this Christmas 
Doing Well, Health Improvement collaboration with 
Huge thanks to the lovely lady at 
Well done to Rebecca and Catherine Miller. Both 2nd in the 
Good to finally meet you dude! 
Go Amber so pleased for her great facilitator on 
Using Object.keys instead of for..in is a good performance advice by 
Link is broken, click here!
*obvs* RTing for fear of upsetting Father Christmas 
Mental health affects many people with often tragic and even fatal consequences. Please help if you can 
See you in Cumbria tomorrow marra 
Thank you Amit! I love the feel of Bengali songs too & enjoy singing them :) Hoping to keep you hooked to my 
Pulling a pint of Stockport’s finest in the strangers bar, well it had to be done 
Congratulations, a triumph over various adversities. Glad that 
My day so far. It's 7.41am. Only gonna get worse 
[N]Learned to play BaseballHighlights2045 
Thanks Caroline. Your school friend can be proud of her Dad
Congrats to all for a terrific redesign. Thx to everyone 4 their patience a encouragement. Enjoy. Can't wait to get home a play 
Amble East End Juniors are pleased to support 
Give credit when credit is due, so far 
Will be streaming some champs later, make sure to tune in
Great work again mate, thanks for the rounds. Good luck on the 23rd 
Thank you sooooo much for our popcorn Reception. Yum yum! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KAT!!! I'm so excited that you're gonna be an Aggie
Behind the scenes & infront - we're ready to go live on your telly box 
The bad news is, you're probably not on a beach.The good news is, you can enjoy a tub of Baskin-Robbins with 20% off, every Tuesday 
Shhhhh. Coco is about to start. 
Check out the Stars squad, looking awesome in their new 
You've done Dundee proud 
Please take 5min out of your day to watch this many of us in the world have challenges but with understanding and some help we can achieve very well done Joe 
We have made it to 1000 followers. A big thank you to you all. 
Garage smoking + Penn State = 
Rare date night with the missus.  Looking forward to seeing 
We are on our way to Birmingham this morning to attend the 
About to scope for any of you night owls and insomniacs lol 
After an hour & half of a 
Even if this all ends tonight I will always be grateful to 
 song making video is here!
Good luck to our Architectural Technology and 
  Mile Oak Road is now clear so 
Well done Robin & team 
 Amazing!!!!!!! 
Business update :-
Have a good day trading 
Really enjoyed our first pilot Deaf-led BSL tour 
A big thumbs up on our new lobby design from 
A great pub has just raised the stakes further. Ashes, Champions League and top quality craft beer. What is not to like! 
day for Midlands' cultural orgs. Thank you for believing in all of us 
20 Years ago. Still have both sets on MP3 
Have a good weekend y'all! 
Definite high trust & collaborative approach between 
Break A Leg team 
Not surprised, great team great service and very charitable 
Yet another clear & chilly night ahead for us all, so its worth watching out for some 
Spot on, Matt! 
What a fantastic and inspirational 8 days we’ve had with Ambassador Ben Smith 
Drink some for me pal! Really enjoyed today!  
Congrats to former FSMS QB Jake Matthews for reaching his first Super Bowl! And he gets to play it in his hometown of Houston 
Time to transform this shop unit into a meeting venue for tonight's meeting with the landlords & retail management 
Thanks to the technical staff at the excellent 
For the first time in over a decade of activism someone mentioned role of Asian women in the TU movement 
Good luck to all the teams entering the semifinals 
What a great thing to read on a rainy Wednesday 
Our ‘Star of the Week’, great effort in numeracy.  Well done! 
Like your Real Ales? We have a selection available in our bar, including a new entry for ourselves, the Wellspring from 
Great sponsor in the background boys, good work. 
Best of luck to County Durham YFC teams competing at the Winter Fair this weekend 
Here is why you should head to Leeds on the 9-10 June 2018! 
Try out the Zhiyun Crane 2 with the Canon C100.By Kashif    
We're pretty excited too! He'll also be giving a free talk next Saturday, as part of our Design & Empire weekend 
We also highly recommend the Triple Feature anthology. 
Thank you to everyone supporting us on another successful 
One of the most successful directors in South - 
Today is the day! Final rehearsals underway for the internal showcase tonight with 
Had to follow the link, couldn’t see ot when I went to your channel. Nice video though 
Here are Neighborhood Coordination Officers Polster and Callan summing up their safety summit meeting yesterday where they addressed several concerns.
Great day of racing yesterday 
The boys will try & take today's performance into the league next week when we face 
Thanks greatly for the brilliant work you’ve done for last 45 years. Long may it continue. 
Ending our busy week of book celebrations with a visit from 
You must have had the grill at the ready 
Wow, one of our shows at 
If you want to hear the rest of the track live, get on the tour people, it's moving quickly 
Congrats on winning the Shanghai title 
The Under 23s watched the 
The DDoS attack is still ongoing, check out 
Scottish FA Sports Medicine Conference 
Team Ealing in the festive spirit. 
Well done odie on a great career 
Lamb is rich in protein, essential minerals and vitamins. A balanced diet always helps 
Ever wondered what 119.cm vertical jump looks like? Great share 
Great time at last night's fireworks - 
A shout out to the park rangers 
We are supporting the police operation today for the Cup Final at Hampden.  We have staff in our Events Room at Govan linking with the stadium and the surrounding area.  Good luck to both teams and we hope everyone enjoys the match. 
Anyone needing help to look the biz for Halloween check out SG Makeup through the link above for more details 
Batch 10 is done and printing has started 
Yes I would...
Starting the week right! 
Orange for offloads, blue for rucks 
5 Ways to make turmeric part of your daily diet:Use a pinch of turmeric in scrambled eggs 
Huge smile every time I see new 
Reposting @artistic_unity2017:Today's sky, comment if I should carry on this theme 
Just arrived at MEMS Priestfield Home of  
Now taking orders of STAR Hurls & CLEERE HURLING XL GRIPS.. can post. 
Last week of new First Time Parents Group - Fantastic feedback 
Thank you for the wonderful reception in Edinburgh last night! We fucking love your XL packs of 
Yey for Sue Ramirez! 
You're very welcome!! You will all be superstars. 
The fear of making small talk with the mechanic. Lad. Whey! 
Nice to see the crowd at tonight's 
We are working to prevent diabetes and improve metabolic health in our state and beyond 
Fantastic! RT @ben_rogers003: 
Lovely gesture! Good guy 
Congratulations to Orlaith Heffernan, Access-Park House Stillorgan, who, along with Instructor 
Top feed today with the lads 
Come and see us tomorrow at the 
While our team plays in Anaheim tomorrow, join us at 
And if you haven't registered your fairy:
Here is an update on the travellers site on pepper road and what happens to get them removed thanks to Paul Wray 
Big thanks to all the EOC staff on shift last night 
Jack tried out the new changing places bathroom in 
Tips to get back into the groove! 
Nice seeing u on this morning!!!!!!
Fancy a great PINT? 
thanks over 3000 likes on my remix for 
Coach: "What do you do when you're stuck on the sideline??" Players: "Bang it off their leg." Way to be listening, 
Had proper shit day at work, but seeing 
5 days left to bid for original artwork from 
Congrats to all. Great initiative- delighted to support 
So glad you're back, see you Friday 
A glimpse of one of the amazing rooms from the new inpatient unit.
Did you spot Perth College UHI on the map at 
Ultimate Rugby app is a brilliant tool, wealth of information for rugby fans. One mistake doesn't negate that. Apology given, move on 
Along with my sponsors I have a great team behind me in 
A busy half term for EssexEPD which was topped off with our U8’s festival against 
 is always great fun when it hits the table 
Fascinated and honoured to discover that I have been blocked by Lord Andrew Adonis 
We love it too! Cheers 
Just like to congratulate two of my best friends Paul and Rachel Griffiths on the birth of Sophia Lili today.cant wait to see her
Important message here from @NPSuptDFelton after burglaries in the east end last night. Enquiries ongoing to trace those involved 
This week we are announcing the birth of a New Team which willl join the 10 we already have
Drawboard PDF is an app I can wholeheartedly recommend to anyone who needs to mark up PDF files with a pen. Great experience. 
The more training sessions you can get under your belt, the less chance of reinjury.Trade-off between RTS & reinjury risk now quantified in this really nice work from 
Check out our facebook competition to win a pair of tickets to the snowman... & while you're there, why not give our page a
Incoming... Butlins crew get ready 
Hahaha. Care in the community done for the week 
Archie approves of the free piece of fruit for kids 
Lily (Y4) takes photos of 
So proud of our Y10 Future Quest students today, they smashed the record for the communication game at only 10 mins!! A great bunch of Patchway’s finest 
Thanks to Karen & team 
 Wow, that's a start. Let us hope that it sets a rethinking in motion in other courts and governments.
Beautiful day and great course yesterday 
Don't miss out - it's an amazing event 
Stan Wilson, the legend,Started in Winnipeg long long time ago...huge accomplishment 
Looking forward to doing battle with my pal Mensur at Ally Pally 
Well done to our club Legend and thank you for everything you do for the club and local community. Well deserved Eric Flack 
Vegan goodies from A Kind Mama: owner Eve Torbitt has switched from using ‘very expensive’ couriers to using our Drop & Go service. 
Wet through at the Glasgow Schools Adventure Race but spirits never dampened when you've got a great team! 
Two great sessions to start off a new block of Karate Fun sessions at Abercorn School.  A fantastic group of kids 
Here’s the pre read for tonight’s special edition 
 MOTM | It's a close one but with 39% of the votes this afternoons MOTM is 
Some good lap at @saasfeeparks.  
Go on then you Saints, make yr choice 
The Tracks of my Tears by the Miracles 
Great message to all BMAE colleagues why it's important to complete the staff survey
Good luck to everyone running the annual Percy Pud 10k this morning. 
 has took advantage of the KTM PowerWear shop at 
Remember to check our page at 6pm for some exciting Chester Pride 2018 news 
Paul Heaton and Jackie Abbott tickets for tonight’s gig available from Newport Centre box office, but only a few left 
Any physical activity is better than nothing!! 
That North London power shift is really coming along... keep it up lads 
Calling all Scottish PGA coaches- please book early for the 2018 TartanMoM 
Awwwww such an amazing time we had up in Sheffield!!!! 
Absolute legend of a player a bloke n proud to call a pal 
 great show for great courses top one lads,DIY SOS 
So great to see! Well done D! 
This morning Yr11 were thankful and showed kindness 
Quick visit to Newark. One of my old locals 
Have you used Craft CMS (
I spoke with him tonight and we agreed that fingering WHILE headbanging is perfectly acceptable 
Great school & great tradition 
Yes! Yes you do! That’s exactly what you should be doing! 
Just Brilliant,I must Admit that Rohit Sir  Aparajita Mam and everyone did a Marvellous job,Excellent Presentation and Storyline,
For the people giving me shit about interviewing Rosberg:I think a lot of people forget that a year ago I was just a guy trying to be funny with a small channel and no consequences.. back when I would’ve never dreamed getting access like I do nowThat’s all on the matter
Hi All - Please remember we close THIS Sunday at 4pm for our Glamorous Makeover! Be sure to contact us for one of our sneak peak previews! 
Congratulations to all. Great to see a successful, confident and growing 
P6 say...'Thanks for lending us your books P3 pal - we loved reading all about Rosie Revere, Engineer and her inventions 
Thanks for all the excellent submissions! We enjoyed all if them 
First time I’ve done this job at half time in a while...1996 to be precise.  
Semi finals here @ Scottish Open today. We have 
Can someone upstairs unplug DRS? Cheers 
Stuck in digs and very early start so im starting my 
"Big stadiums, big noise - that is what you want as a player!" 
  Nomads L1s lose 0-4 away to Cam City 3, despite holding 0-0 until half time. MoM goes to Rachel Gooch for solid defensive work
The most vulnerable groups often face the harshest discrimination. But knowing that discrimination exists is half the battle to righting these wrongs 
Ex-firefighter Darren from Tollesbury has motor neurone disease, but his neighbours are rallying to transform his garden, 
Schedule for Wednesday, November 29th... 
Everyone reading, reading, reading! 
Catch your local BBC & ITV news tonight for more coverage ahead of this weekend's big games. 
This Christmas, give an author a gift of not tagging them in your 2 star review 
TODAY is the last day you can donate to the 
Coffee while you wait sir. Don’t mind if I do 
Thank you, we missed out on a great conference! You’ll be on our VIP list for the full report 
Colleagues who are Emergency Preparedness and Business Continuity specialists, many don’t want to know them until it goes bang, systems fail, pandemic approaches or the weather goes wrong then everyone wants to know them 
We have gained 20k followers in the month of December on Instagram! Thank you for watching and please keep updating with us 
Highly recommended. Bought one from there last Christmas for my 11yo still going strong and getting hammered every day 
Great fun hosting our first ever sit-down Xmas dinner at Fox & Co last night! The three course meal and private party went down well 
Let's celebrate this day with full enthusiasm & spirit.Let's give a msg to our enemies that we r united
Want to make your application stand out? Tune in to our Facebook Live stream at 4:30 CST for some key tips from our admissions counselors! 
Another great night @ king tuts wah wah hut Colleen you are a star 
Thx Martin - glad u liked it:)
At Wrexham ready for Deadly Impacts presentation with @NWFARS legend Sharon Bouckley 
 Next step taken toward our new process & 
Remember we are raffling two fabulous hampers and collecting luxury items for the 
Making your Monday a little bit better ...  you can still use our Black Friday Code all day. 
What an amazing shot, 
Tuesday is going to be a very big day for 
For hands-on experience in radio industry 
Delighted to be taking part - Thrive in the City17 
Product developers of the future 1E making flavoured popcorn and sensory testing with 
It’s great to give 
NFUS regional board meeting tonight best part is we get fed 
Yesssssss!!  Glad you enjoyed it! 
Hey! Find a few more pics of our team having good time while presenting RAISON in 
Thrilled to meet some of our team in Avenue House talking about Sexual Health and Contraception 
We always like ideas for future 
Love this! So few people know that they can take their refillable bottles abroad with them! Nice one 
Make sure you download the new song. All proceeds go to great causes 
Can you help.... 
HAPPY FRIDAY guys...I have recently set up my own Finance & Accounting Recruitment business in Vancouver! Please 
Good luck Emma, you'll be great your passion for the change will shine they 
Amazing few weeks - I now have a 
Our favourite German driver spent the day 
We all love this one - Top Notch 
Don't miss the bucket collection for  Movember at tomorrow afternoons game against Cardiff. Help us raise as much as possible to change the face of men's health. Any donations will be greatly appreciated 
Fantastic work Joseph! 
3 in 4 international stakeholders perceive the 
"Stories beat facts." 
This is brilliant and hilarious in equal measure!! 
Just relived the amazing journey and great to see so many familiar faces and hear their stories - highly recommend watching it and worth watching 
Radio host upset “why store staff have to give up  Tday dinner so someone buys $150tv?” Hmm see what a 
Would like to thank fans , staff and players at 
Some of our staff today participated on Day 1 of leadership development training with the first ever 
Such a simple change that can really help to prevent some trips and falls for elderly people.  Great idea!
Another excellent community Sunday dinner in Tollcross YMCA. 
WTG band family! And 
Just arrested a male on suspicion of a dwelling burglary in 
Fabulous poem Amy! Well done, he really does stomp like an elephant 
Very proud to make 200 league apps for 
Jenny Lee, Luke & Mike taking time to share information about mental health 
Have you submitted your mask design for 
Thank you Marcello. We are at our best, I think, when we work together. I am honoured to work w/Mayor 
"To find one's calling is perhaps not the easiest thing in the world, but probably the most important." - birthday boy & class act, 
0545 hours - Police Unity Ride 2017 here we go!
Brilliant wins for the U16s and 045s today ... 5 different scorers as the U16s win 5-1 vs Saints and 5-0 for the 45s against Redbridge 
FACEBOOK HAS BEEN ANSWERED I did as many as I could Facebook 
Our 'Black Friday' sale starts now! Check out the 
 Principle #10 - Try some TB12 Protein. You'll know every ingredient on the label. Seriously, it's THAT good and that simple. 
Getting ready to "pop-up" 
Customer samples received! 
Another great game this morning. Excellent passing and movement  from the comets and Dunstable's non stop work rate where the highlights. Congratulations to both Kai and Harry on their mom awards 
Morrissey: Brexit is “the greatest democratic victory in British politics in many, many years.” 
Let's hear it for the boys...
Thanks for being with us last Monday! 
Glad you asked Will. I couldn't spell cauterisation til you replied so now you know 
 Start your week on a positive note! 
 "4 Reasons to Stay in a Resort Residence Instead of a Hotel or Vacation Rental" (
We second that! Drug presentations & deaths are up across the UK where there's no testing, people now present to us more quickly which is 
RT the hell out of this one folks 
Officer Reid Spitaels presented the George A. Cooper Award by Camp Eberhart Alumni Assn. for saving a 5yo from the St. Joe River in June. 
Congratulations to Stuart, good luck in the new role!
For sharing plse@NAHSCP 
What a great night we had Wed at Koko in London at Tony Blackburn's soul night out 
What a site to see! 
Two years ago today I had 200 followers on Twitter. Today I have over 73,000 followers. I am genuinely flabbergasted by this. All I can say is a heartfelt thank you to all of you lovely Twitterers who decided to follow me. 
Lunch together at Shunka, always a wee treat 
Beautiful morning in London for today's 
Good luck fellas bring back a W 
Well done Infor EAM team 
Just because you took longer than others doesn't mean you failed, you can't rush greatness & there's no competition in destiny
Go Bruno!  Ever True!  
Speaking as a former Quins Office staff member, he’s a top bloke and I’m delighted for him 
Going to look the bees knees next year in the 
What a way to finish off my x30 mini tour, had an amazing year with 
Staghills Nursery had a wonderful time at our Forest School. We can’t wait to see them again soon 
Getting ready for the Abner Mares Annual Turkey Giveaway 
Overhead line equipment installed by night near Pedder Street in 
Come on people they need some more photos with the 
 warms up at silverfernsnz  training. 
@JiddyMint cheers mate 
This is awesome kids big 
Half an hour later we have a lab full of Linux computers running QGIS 
Calgary NW resident Alice brought me her concerns about car seat safety. Now she will be advising me on Infrastructure innovation. 
 congratulations on winning the Bary Clout Award for volunteering in helping lead with Garry and team of volunteers the running of the weekly 
After a top few days with @IreMensHockey in Holland - looking forward to some rest & recovery to finish off an amazing 2017!! 
Big win tonight against the hosts to top the group
We played ONSIDE/OFFSIDE w/ 
Kids have no problem articulating what they are thankful for, we as adults can take a lesson from them and express our thankfulness more 
Pleased to be sponsoring you! Here's to another great season 
Awesome friend starting awesome project! Check 
Brilliant, mate! 
Looking good Shane watching you from jersey
Look out for the Peaky Blinder style models in Liverpool tomorrow wondering around town centre maybe you’ll grab a selfie with them 
PSA: if anyone is using 
Happy Belated Birthday to Life Member, 
It's all well and good for most on Black Friday but I'm not paid till Wednesday 
O'Connell Street is rocking with a Repealers! A new generation marching 
Looks like there will be some news tomorrow morning regarding which 
Fantastic. Thank you, Gareth 
Bridgewater staff - you have until this Friday to submit your 
Two legends sit down and discuss family, having a winning mentality, the impact of the Creators Game and more. A must listen for everyone, not only lacrosse players! 
Sorry guys, made a mistake in turn 2 and lost A LOT of time.Will start P15, let’s focus on the race now. 
A solid run out in game 1 of our 2018 campaign 92-43 against 
I'll be hanging out on Mixer during the show 
First time at this location, 
Not just rugby crowds heading to Edinburgh today. We have extra officers out if you need help.Just drop us a text to 61016 
Important one for today: nominations for 
FEEL GOOD BLOCKBUSTER! 
well played Zac! 
So delighted to have been sponsor of the Entrepreneur Prize for last night’s 
First 10&U Girls 
A good week for North Wales rugby, girls clusters launched 
Puppy Timba in for his 6 month assessment & showing some fantastic foundation mat/platform work. Top marks to his Puppy Socialiser 
Looking forward to getting started at 
Good point, thanks for reminding me, thought I’d written them all down. Glad you enjoyed it though. 
Awesome time taking around North Colchester students from 
Holiday booked! Monte Carlo in 10 days 
There’s always a warm welcome, a bit of a giggle and lovely smiles at 
We're glad you had a great evening! 
WE ARE ABSOLUTELY BUZZING TO ANNOUNCE SOLARDO SESSIONS 2018!We're giving away 4 guestlist spaces for each city. To win, retweet and reply with your city!Tickets on sale Monday, 10am GMT - all info at 
Defo worth a watch.I might even make a guest appearance on  it with 
I can confirm. 10/10. 
Pontypridd office is open until 12:30pm today 
Thank you Michael, appreciate the kind words 
What a great bunch! 
A big thank you from KUFC Girls to the KUFC Committee for a great fireworks evening 
Just landed in Dubai. Quick drive over to Abu Dhabi & the final 
Thank you to D R Dodd Ltd who have upgraded to a T5 Kombi from Paul Hocking-Carter at Marshall Volkswagen Commercials 
Had a great past few days with these guys. Time to send em back home to resume the content 
WIN THIS KEGERATOR!!! Pop in and fill out a ballet to be entered in the draw!
Can’t wait to see what exciting 
Today Ms. Amey’s class at Great Meadows Central School held a Blue Line Bag Appreciation Ceremony. The students put these bags together for each officer as a way of saying Thank You for our service. 
I am happy for Rajasthan SirLet Rajasthan rock & let India rock
Decorated Knight and Aljazzi. Big day in store for 
So... I made a "personal" account ( 
Post BOX set with my crazy manager 
A BIG THANK YOU to 
Tonight was a fucking good night
Great night last! Added to my collection..very humbling! 
Glad we were able to help feed some families for this upcoming thanksgiving! 
Our double back fastenings help to ensure you are fully supported! Just one of the many features of our Ultimate Run bra 
Thank you to everyone that participated yesterday for 
Get fashionable, get festive, raise some money for charity! 
Check out our partner's journey on the platform! More to come 
Just recieved this picture from our brilliant photographer and volunteer at park run Tony C. Great to be part of the amazing volunteering team at this mornings 
For the 2nd year running our tyre man Bruce is Dunlop tyreman on the year. Well done Bruce 
Taekwondo Irish Cup in action all the younger athletes competing today 
Isokinetic strength assessment offers limited predictive validity for detecting the risk of future hamstring strain in sport: a systematic review and meta analysis. Great job Brady Green 
Thanks to all the coaches who attended this evenings 
Our planning for 2018 is now underway, with some exciting adjustments: card payment will be accepted; more 
Tucked up wi' me lamp. 3 more sleeps til rehearsals 
Really enjoyed running lots of hands-on demos at 
*One Place* left on our Kvaløya-Senja trip 
This is reminding me of so much 80s / 90s psych-indie ... which is all good ... as is this, all good! ... Check out "Jumper", masterpiece! 
Just starting our first G&T taster evening with 
Good day for the Eagles. 1st win against Cronies 2-0. 2nd’s win 6-0 at Dunkerswell. 
Come and join us! 
Well done to all our 82 Jordanstown junior parkruners 
Year 11 supporting our PJ and Onesie day in aid of “children of need”. All money raised will be sent to CAFOD. Well done everyone.
Best wishes on the release brother
Thank you for downloading our PLUG mobile app! 
 Konecranes x Valtteri BottasWhen 
Lads embrace and give 100% you are representing a fantastic City be proud of putting on the shirt Good Luck , from an Ex captain of the Team I no how it feels 
Charity day - Play 1 game, play 10 games, just watch and eat cakes - Up to you 
They look the business Wayne
Raising awareness in the blind spot of professional sport 
These were to die for, in fact each of the canapés by the incredible team 
Two overs selections for tonight. Slightly bigger stakes than normal for me. Put on your normal stakes though guys. GL 
Ahhhhhhh! Totally made up about this! 
OUTRIGHT campaign empowers children to realise their rights. Finishes on World Children's Day 20th Nov Get involved
Maureen & Dave have their  bassface on right about now!! Randall going innnn. 
Can we start watching Christmas films now?! 
Ha ha cheers David! I know I have you to stick up for me 
Should of stayed on his feet .......great tackle though 
Ready for a PNG Field Friday night 
Not really a " Western" fan, BUT 
 yr 5&6 Sporthall cluster event 
Some of you may know Nicola from her time at Tesco. Donations greatly appreciated 
Ohhhhhh that's wonderful. Bet there were some 
A win for FCFC 2nds 
A reminder of this weekend's scheduled maintenance, affecting Faster Payments between 12am - 12pm on Sunday 19th November. Please ensure that all important payments are made before this time to avoid any inconvenience 
I have caught the dastardly Squirrel that has been causing havoc at Anarchy Urban Farm 
 Ultime Pro Matte Lipstick- features in 
Editing 1st episode of podcast with Louis Cayer and there’s enough here for 2 episodes. 2 episodes it is then 
What a fantastic start tonight to our FREE girls football open to all continuing every Tuesday 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas at OIE! Are you planning on applying for 
PICU Student Workshop tomorrow at 1pm in the Education Centre! @Bcuchildnursing 
Time 2 join us 
Skateboarding Does The Body Good in Your 50’s 
Congrats to Regt team completing 12 days walking 320km across Scotland incl 2 highest UK peaks in the UK- amazing AT up here! Well done 
Don’t forget to join in the 
Bodymovin version 4.13.0 is now available - lots of support for new 
 Ladies: Thats 7 games and 7 wins!!!! Top of the league with a 6-0 win 
Hear more about Open Utility's strategy for the future of renewables at 
Whoa, check it out! And perfect timing for our upcoming print editions of the manga and the 
Top performance from the lads on to the semis 
Good luck to Dr. Norma Nowak at 
Can't wait to have lunch with 
"Don't need to make your MC list to let me know I can script.dont need a rapper to swallow to let me know I can spit. " I'm good guys 
Sooner rather than later I hope. Good job I have a great MP in 
Pics of our complete 3G install  
Premier Makhura speech on ethics was the strongest statement against corruption by govt I've heard in a long time. I fully support civil society involvement in the Council. We need a National Anti-corruption Council as well
Full band and full PA, see you Sunday 
Great venue for our meeting today talking 
The new Wolves in the Throne Room song is lit af. I'll be opening my Diadem of 12 Stars reissue later today to celebrate 
Well done sir, an MP with a connection to local people 
Always a pleasure ... we look forward to hosting you 
Well done to the Rofi James lads, great single! 
Than you for coming!!! Hope you raised lots for your charity. 
Bummer indeed. Huge fan...loved how you hilighted CDN eats 
I absolutely love collaborating with you 
Steve’s theorbo is pictured here. He played both this and baroque lute during the concert 
Enjoyable morning judging South Lakeland student entrepreneurs 
Follow & RT to win tickets to Arsenal vs 
Brazilian food industry leaders meet to discuss animal welfare! 
Good to seeJase the Ace smashing it yesterday. Not doing his IPL chances any harm 
 Get involved! FanFest is a fantastic opportunity for primary schools across London to get involved in LYG! It's completely FREE and this year we have 2 FANFESTS! Apply here: 
Added React 16 support to Aesthetic 
Looking for travel buddies? We have created a Facebook group to help you find new travel buddies you can share an apartment with. 
All the good stuff, none of the bad stuff. Nature’s Promise Turkeys are vegetarian fed, with no antibiotics ever 
Black Friday just has started on our Eshop! Grab a piece of unique ETS2 and ATS apparel with a 35% discount by using "SCSBLACKFRIDAY35" code! We've also added 16 new countries where we ship our merchandise! Check out if you find yours! 
Children, like all humans are programmed to connect. When kids act up they are not seeking attention, they are seeking connection. 
Last practice today before heading down to Minehead for the Players Championships Friday on 
Listened to Scott Mullins today 
“It’s too hilly to cycle here”. Not with an e-bike! 
Our latest Meet the WoMos interview is up now from cofounder of our gifting partners 
A working week in China with 
While you're out and about this weekend please help to keep Sefton clean 
Haha yes in a couple of weeks when the station goes live 
Real xisst?? Nice!! 
This is pretty good... 
Anyone fixing a MacBook Air this weekend? Find out how Guillermo made replacing his MacBook Air battery "so0o0o easy". 
Had a great night, great food and fantastic place 
I’m in my second year of membership 
Good to see Conditional Jockey 
Get ready! This Thurs 
Exciting and busy start to our Mini Tennis Rally Awards asssessment week at the Billesley Indoor Tennis Centre!! Good luck to everyone on the programme taking part 
Good luck to all nominees in all categories 
 crowd in Fenway Park today. 
In need of hiring a bouncy castle and soft play area in nottingham?? Anyone out there help me out 
Just popping by to say I'm alive and moderately well 
"Be unreasonably aspirational." Thanks to 
Congratulations to Dave on winning two VIP tickets to my fight next Saturday night. Hope you enjoy the show. I'll DM you the details 
Such a fun morning! Thanks for coming! 
"Let's play until the light fades" said Fin, so we did..... 
Delighted to present our newest sponsor for the Saundersfoot New Year’s Day Swim - Broughton Leisure Ltd.  Thrilled to have you onboard 
To celebrate the launch of the Dermot Earley Centre of Excellence we produced this video- have a look 
I reviewed some lovely books by doctors for the TLS - if you’re doing Christmas shopping here are three reccomendations 
I've bombarded the brilliant Will Kinsler of Epic games w/ shit loads of ideas for Fortnite BR. You can thank me later when they're added. 
I m feeling so blessed right 2 b amongst so many great folks who hv been doing such grt work for community! 
Hope your home safe and sound , great to meet you all 
Always nice to see the Skip/Vice Captain of 
Best wishes for this great new club 
That’s Thursday nights supper sorted 
Hold on tight!! I got completely surrounded by sharks today!! NO CAGE! 
We're taking orders right up to midnight 20th December for Christmas delivery (UK only) 
The Economist says: 
Always a pleasure Batting with you buddy 
It’s Thursday guys
Team chop, 5 more to go 
Guys...you can ignore this tweet. This one's for the ladies. One fantastic memory from my 60k two weeks ago...got my period right in the middle of the damn race. Sweet. 
There's a simple solution to your dilemma, see the we unfollow button, just press that 
Today Adam's been with the fantastic Leadership team 
Semi final time now in the mixed doubles 
Exciting News! Preparations are underway for our 2018 Volunteer Conference!!   Click HERE 
Good luck today to all yr 7,8,9 and 10 pupils competing in the Urdd National Netball Competition! 
Finding time in our busy schedule to talk and gifting 
Me and Larry finally found a good place for drink and wings!! 6 different sports on at once
 Georgia is on it! Well done you lovely bunch 
Calling all members in Surrey! Get this in your diary, looks fantastic 
Starting at 12.30 today, see you down there if you're wanting a signed calendar 
... and we’re off! Let The Brilliant Weekend begin. Heading to our Study Weekend - we’re doing all we can to pass 
great to see you!! Well done 
First 45 mins in the tank and pain free thanks Matlock 
New Xmas Camp -  COMING SOON! Do your Xmas shopping & let the kids play football over Xmas 
Thanks guys, really appreciate it 
Results? Great opportunity to try 
Headphones, metal and writing docs 
Great campaigning Kelly, and our first MP meeting in the RCN East Mids region! Well done 
Schmearing staff pick-me-up via 
We're a games developer asking UK government to support games culture 
Looking for a guitarist/performer to play for a few hours at the 
 parents: only a couple of weeks left before this excellent competition closes! Winning story gets chosen by 
Once an Aggie, always an Aggie. 
Thank you to you! Well done guys 
If you’re in Norwich today drop by The Forum! 
Great to have you on board mate lookin forward to workin with you ...
We are here to help you! Do not hesitate to contact Benjamin bca@impulse.brussels 
Always lovely to see Louis and hear about his 
 such a top night when you had a craving points win even steve maylett was singing on the ring walk
Well done Marie. Harlech setting the standard! Awesome effort
Good economic news in papers today ahead of Budget: BoE say pay is rising as unemployment falls, CBI survey shows strongest manufacturing orders for 30 yrs and export orders for 22yrs and firms “confident” growth will continue!
MK3 first steps video 
The search for the golden one is at an end !! Come on you boys in Purple 
It was a damp& dark start to this mornings 
Member States reach agreement on Single Digital Gateway 
Cheers for the advice Mercer but afraid to say hev has a proper coach, i am her boyfriend and went with her this week. Good knowledge
Great set of fans, blue santa hats and all! 
Bring a ball. We can 1 v 1s for who pays for the beers.
Royal Fever has led to the omission of my 
Proud of the effort of everyone at TeamVortex this year. We have grown as a team and already looking forward to 2018. The car had great race pace, we were all fighting our own championship battles today. Thanks to everyone for there support and messages through out the year. 
 thank you for making my kids day,..you and the rest of the raiders boys are a credit to the club 
Delighted for this lad. Hard-working Scot that he is 
Mengli Khan, Apple's Jade, Death Duty - three Grade 1s at 
Hope you all have a great meeting today 
LIVERPOOL: New stage times for tonight at Penders is unwell and can't be with us DOORS: 7pm, HOTPOTS 8.10pm for a super long 10th anniversary show.  RT to get the word out!! 
Congratulations boys. Great achievement from 
Damn Daniel... Daniel pops by for lunch & smashes the 
The last remaining seats for the 
Too many great cars to narrow it down much, and a lot of great people too 
I've nominated FoWG as my favourite charity Plse nominate as well £1k cld help furnish 
WIN a cinema ticket & snack/drink combo for up to 4 people each month for 3 months at Stockport’s new 
Adding to an already great instructor line-up at 
Free tonight 7pm? There is a meeting at EDDC (Sidmouth) to discuss a motion to allow the funpark to continue trading. Support 
Thanks for helping us wrap up 2017, Kansas City 
Opinion: The general's speech is the one we wish the President could make. (Hear hear!!) Speech & editorial?
That's brilliant, well done! And thanks to everyone who agrees to take part in clinical trials 
Spots already selling fast - sign up quickly if you want to come along 
At least I have changed your perception of 
Excellent Jillian, we love to support local clubs as we all benefit from them 
Recent comment from Safeguarding Contracts/Quality Officer for City Council: "I work with both Care Home and Home Care Providers and carry out quality assurance inspections. I recently went out on an inspection and came across your charts which I thought were excellent..." 
TTP Episode 27 - Pumpkin Patch 
 helping to protect the endangered Willow Tit. Top work guys 
Well done fellers! nobody dose it better 
My pleasure really enjoyed & hope everyone dug deep for a great cause 
Thanks for all the feedback guys. I'm putting this in the game and will post the end result soon 
Organising a charity event in 2018? Our Silent Auction Service is Free of change & will increase the money raised for your charity! Get in touch 
Firefighters now have the fire at Quarry Bank Inn well under control and we're going down to two fire engines. This could have been a much bigger incident if our crews hadn't dealt with it so quickly. Good job 
Well done Cape Homes - 
Sum ppl keep saying BB is biased 2 SHILPA & VIKAS,Now MORE than enough of "CORRECTIVE MEASURE" info of the outside world has been passed 2 HINA & PRIYANK!It seems like SHILPA & VIKAS genuinely want 2 end their BITTERNESS
 can't wait to get to 
Motivational Monday: Attitude determines altitude! 
It's the night before the big ride. Special thanks to my colleagues in the MET for inviting me along.  Can't wait!! 
Thanks for all those retweets, ye’re class! Okay, time for the draw. Good luck. 
Congratulations on a job well done 
Well happy to qualify for the wsod tonight with my fellow Welsh man 
Our best wishes to the organisers, volunteers & all the carnivalites for tonight's 
Honour and pleasure meeting you today Mike glad the team looked after you 
On board to Mumbai ! 
Well done pupils who turned out at the crack of dawn for their 
If your still struggling to get that trail shoulder to externally rotate in transition & help flatten the shaft, 5 minutes of this a night will certainly help 
BBQ39/17: Pork Souvlaki - Updated Blog Post: 
Loved the teaser... The feel, the mystery, the look, the background score
It's always great to read a double page spread of cycling goodness in the newspaper over lunch! 
Thanks for coming along! 
Just had to get this one on! Now if I can just convert the old man to Real Ales... cheers 
GOAL for St Paul's CC V Ard Scoil in 
 50% off Facial Aesthetics for any new client. Carried out by trained Dental Surgeon. Call 01952 505120 
Very many congratulations to the wonderful people 
Thanks to the Boys Tennis Team and Coach Koehl for taking time on Saturday to Paint the Tennis Shed. Well done. 
Thanks Harry but get out of your bedroom and make us all a cuppa! 
Happy St Andrews day 
Our lovely Research Fellows & Young Graduate Trainees at the annual 
Sampling some awesome and very different styles of coffee! Thanks for having us 
Big baller vs big bully = Alice Stewart is Priceless National Treasure!!!
We love these. Thanks Mark & Adrian 
Looking forward to getting to know other South West based businesses 
The river is indeed “so dynamic”. 
Great work by all involved - Well done 
In the battle for the best rig, 
Looking forward to the next three years! 
Honoured to pick this up for you mate. Meeting you & the family led to all my adventures in motorsport. (And some on bikes!) Because of this I have a job I love. 
We’ll second that! 
Outstanding achievement in raising in excess of £11,000.00 to charities local & national 
Rally Fans; if you've ever been to RallyRACC and enjoyed it there, then you will love 
Now this is one Happy Herdy Hat Huddle. 
So cool to know about your book 
 thank you to stop for a minute and talk to me. You are awesome, man! Thank you for coming to Brazil! 
Ah, that's the weekend nearly over with for another week. We hope you enjoy the rest of your evening & we'll see you again from 8am. ^Shelley 
If you know of any local good causes that would benefit from this offer from 
Good bunch of people as well 
Congrats to Team Ashley Thevenot & Team Austin Williamson on their A-Final wins and a spot into the 
I might be abit biased, but honestly this headset Is unlike anything else I've tried, and that's a lot! 
Some good rounds this with week with WBA World champion 
‘Bike lanes don't clog up our roads, they keep London moving.’ Great article 
Love this Oodles of Doodles artwork from the brilliant 
Sampling today in my fridge at home
Massive crowds building up at Manc Rd fair looks impressive 
It's all go today prepping for tomorrow's 
Basketball tournament at All Hallows. Come on Holy Family 
You’re very welcome. We hope the 
RepTylers#family#fun#reptileparty#animalparty
Yay! Excited to see this, Daniel! Catch this tonight, folks! 
Friendly reminder with the holidays coming up: please don't force affection on little ones, respect their bodily agency if they don't fancy a kiss or a hug. Consent with all types physical touch is important to be aware of/teach at any age 
Newark-based Collett Plant Hire looks like it is on its way to being a 
...and some 
Wow! Just wow! You’re a credit to yourself. Distance might be an issue, but if there’s a cinema with a half-decent movie on someplace, that problem may not be insurmountable. 
 The peeps In Marketing and Procurement are doing an amazing job 
Thanks for all your excellent calls and tweets this weekend. The podcast will be available shortly 
Latest podcast recc:
Listen to OPD crew member Dave ‘Deadpan’ Hopkins interviewed by 
Just what your positive classroom community needs 
Mrs. Howard representing UCPS @ PrAC
On the last major weekend of GAA 2017, can we finish with a rebel high 5,? Tomorrow  
Thank you, this is what I've been telling my parents for years.
19,565 meals for men, women, and children in LA/OC County just from 
Board member Stewart Darling providing the audience with some blunt truths about the necessity to drag golf & golf clubs into the modern “data economy” 
Race 1 , Bmw Team Italia with M6 Gt3 funish P3 , good result 
 They've never let me down
great event, great crowd, awesome volunteers - really enjoyed playtesting 
 first look coming soon....
As far as i remember scott kelly did mention that his feet sole are like baby skin but his dorsum feet are callus, so far that could help protect it. 
Big Ron....
Keep knocking them down Pete. I remember the old days. Love your success.
Had a lovely email from Melissa who bought some hybrids a few weeks ago! They look very happy don't they 
We’ve got a stack of 
Had a ham & cheese toastie for lunch, put a couple of Tunnocks caramel wafers in the backpack, taking Craig to some pubs to chat beer. 
 just a massive Thankyou for the help from the customer service lady @ Leeds crown point 
Antrim away to Down. Haven’t played in championship since a qualifier Saturday in 2011. A good draw. 
Loved your presentation and well done on getting through all those slides on time 
Amazing determination resulting in a win. Massive thumbs up team 
A 1000!! That is 
What a series win with a great bunch of lads 
PRE-THEATRE PELICAN!? Ohhh go on. He's here all week! 
Apparently, the first underground tunnel will open in a year! No more traffic? 
Honour to swap sides & play against 
The model uses the latest Tensorflow high-level APIs like tf.layers,  Estimator or the Dataset API (
Great article in today’s 
Making great goods for the greater good! We proudly carry Peace Coffee & several B-Corp products! 
Current volunteering vacancies include Mon or Fri 3.30-5.30, Sat or Sun any hours...perfect for students aged 16yrs+! Great for your CV 
Nice pic Rika ! 
Test day for 3 applicants today including
Yo Mills...you’re represented here at 
The rise in fees-free coincides with brokers writing 75%+ of mortgages. Guys that know what they're doing, using true cost sourcing. Rather than just layman chasing the lowest rate and ignoring the fee "cos you can add it on" 
Three provincial berths were given at the 
Another full house at Burnley for a safe drive stay alive presentation 
I'm no photographer but tried to capture the moment this morning!! Not a bad auld job this farming lark!! 
Quick feedback following another great edition of 
fall  down seven  times get up  eight times, inspirational quote  
Aw! Make it bonny! Good luck
Collett Plant Hire Limited recently purchased four new excavators from us. Read the full story here. Thanks again Richie for your business, it's much appreciated as always! 
Amelie (Y5) delighted to receive her 1st 
Big breaking news National Community Games Finals will be hosted on University of Limerick Campus for next 3years
Just a quick reminder to all you awesome peeps
The very best of luck 2 
At lunch practitioners ‘buzzing’ about the morning- input from young people shaping much of the discussion 
PUBLIC INFORMATION ANNOUNCEMENT there’s a 
Another successful night of the St Finbarrs hurling programme. 68 boys and girls from P1-7 attended tonights session in Moneymore Recreation centre. A big thanks to the parents for bringing them along, keep up the good effort 
Very interesting event. Important people understand the opportunities of having their own health data at their finger tips. Positive mention of 
No trends, no fake hype. Just 24 years of great music 
More PBs from the afternoon session at Beckenham. Girls 50m breast - Jessica E 52.19, Josie 49.34, Isabelle F 45.50, Zoe E 43.29. Boys 50m free - Nicholas M 35.79, Jamie 31.95. 
@AngelofLace So honored I AM!!! thanks so much! new followers coming in too!
Proud moment for our Tennis Apprentice Reiss Kingdon delivering mini tennis to the Duchess of Cambridge at 
With av temp this week likely to be 38°C. Some v important info for players on fuel, hydration and recovery for this week. 
Nice to grab a photo with almost all 
Stopping the very poorest from paying more than the rest of society for basic essentials - what a great double bottom line initiative 
Congrats guys, great game 
Aggie Maroon to Dodger Blue. 
Ih x-country today. Well ran everyone. Amazing resilience shown today 
See you there, can't wait 
 Gesti are proud to announce they have passed their health & safety audit with 
 Thanks very much for the 'follow' it is really appreciated. 
A brilliant Master Class interaction today with 
The Trafalgar Square Christmas tree is a Christmas tree donated to the people of Britain by the city of Oslo, Norway each year since 1947
YES!!!!!! Big hugs, 
Look for a local BikerDown course. It could help you save a life & get you into improving your riding 
Great clips there, lads. 
This...YouTube is great to show off your skills still whether a full match or montage of clips 
What amazing feedback for Southwell! Well done what a team 
Grand setting for this afternoon’s 
Good to meet you pal, good fun 
Brilliant colours and it looks a great set up. I look forward to placing an order. Thanks for the reply 
Teamed up with Julie for the first time since the 2001 Canada Summer Games today! Fit for life 
Contest ends at 8pm tonight.We’ll pick one winner who answers correctly 
Birmingham! What a night. Thanks for coming to see us last night 
Sometimes Football really knocks u for 6 my boys were fantastic today against 
 thanks for an awesome night of wrestling please keep my absolute fave 
2-2Steve Smith/BairstowStarc if he plays all 5. Stoneman.Stokes plays 3rd Test 
Your message seemed to do the trick young man, you can come again. 
Hooray for the great leadership to give and show the MRHMS students these great opportunities
You can now donate new (unwrapped) baby and children’s books at Highfield and Ecclesall libraries until 8th December and they will be distributed as Christmas presents via 
Half way through another show as Elder Price tonight! Loving it 
Getting limbered up for live acoustic session with 
Best of luck on your retirement dennis
Just watched you now on you tube. Everything you said was music to my ears. I joined Twitter to follow Housing trying to find out how it all worked as I felt it wasn't working for me and many tenants like me. I've learned more from you today than all my time on here. Thank you 
When technical problems with the PA system prevent the playing of Amhrán na bhFiann - improvise! 
Have you heard about the Dogpatch Holiday Sale on Sat., 12/2, yet? It's going to be pretty awesome! We'll have 10+ popups here at Smokestack! Check out 
No moths for two weeks. Chickpeas finishing quickly. Think that's budworm monitoring at mildura done for this year 
Great morning with Sam Woods 
Awesome 1st sports massage with 
BREAKING → The House just voted 356–70 to give our troops a well-deserved pay raise—their largest increase in 8 yrs. 
The team here at the Caravan and Motorhome Club have been working hard baking sweet treats this week for 
One final look back at Halloween before embracing the (dare we say it?) Christmas period! A big 
We are ready for roll out this afternoon 
We love what we do. We love it even more when we hear what a difference we make. Thanks guys. The chocolates are 
Happy Youth Work Week 
Congrats to Team 18Birdies Pro 
And he’s off! Ben Richards 
Day 5 of pre-polling at the State election: more than 54,200 people voted!!
See ya Coventry ! France , Spain and Greece for 3 Weeks 
And The Hulk improves again! P6 this time, in 1:19.552. Carlos is staying close, P7 with a 1:19.969 lap! 
All mod cons at Warrington! 
First day of food collection 
In the run up to Christmas almost 200,000 Children will be relying on a food parcel to get a decent meal - 
Get a copy of my book raising money for 
Have you used Instanda (
The Earth Ultimate Challenge has started on the 
AWESOME!! WELL DONE! 
If you're looking for fresh original unique psychological suspense, I highly recommend 'Good Me, Bad Me.'  
Didn't catch second run but wow to the first run which shows what 
Another assembly, another music medal for Violin! Well done 
Little groin problem at the moment, disappointing to miss games but fingers crossed I'll be back plinking them soon enough 
Thank you for your feedback! Will share with 
That’s clever photography 
Final Under-19 Country & Metro squads for the National Champs are in! Congrats to all selected & good luck 
Get your song reviewed live on 
Gutted to miss tonight's game with sickness, spent half the game in the jaxs but from what I heard the boys grinded out a good 3 points 
Great turnout and lots of conversations between sectors at our 
All the best lad, great career and won't forget the help & support you provided me in school over the yrs, very few as humble! 
Happy birthday Benni McCarthy 
Still, the adrenaline has subsided and I'll be seeing 
Joint SRF and Surrey LRF exercise planning meeting today.   
Thank you to our bank staff for working alongside substantive staff to handle the demands in A&E's 
Looking forward to a great day as 
This will beat both semi final games
So many thank you's tonight, you all know who you are, but biggest applause goes to the competitors for a stunning days cooking! 
Great to hear everyone’s research updates at 
Barry Gibb can still rock it,That falsetto is in full flow! 
For their tremendous support of Texas A&M Athletics, we're proud to honor Vicky and Terry Klein '78 tonight as our Impact Donors of the game! 
On a dark, cold, windy winters eve, the 2nd planning meeting for Race Week 2018 has taken place. Next summer the racing will be even better than 2017!! 
Good luck to everyone involved in this great charity record 
Looking for a volunteer to tail walk this Saturday - it’s the most rewarding role. Get in touch if you can help 
17.48 we were mobilised to a 3 car RTC just outside 
H.E.A.R.T Model training tied in with Our new thyme winter menu cook off! A big 
Our Higher Spaniards did this today and LOVED it...we just couldn't think of the best way of describing it!! They wanted more and described it as hugely motivational 
The team watch on from the garage, joined by 
Anyone fancy free ticket for 
My latest donation has gone off to Northumbria. Love getting these texts 
Drop into anyone of the 65 pharmacies across 
Thanks for all the support in my random makings, follower #200 
Has anyone found a vegan bacon they would recommend? I haven't tried any yet so all suggestions welcome if you enjoyed 
Good luck today, lads! In particular 
Interested in living at Gables Emory Point? Like any good friend, we'll wait for you. 
It is not easy to release these kind of songs in the contemporary political climate. But.. no stopping us
Stay dry in the rainy summer weather and take a Scimune to help avoid getting sick! 
 Sudhir's sir craze is equal to 
Waiting for the results of "Best Partnership Alliance" at the 
Thanks to these two rock stars 
These guys know what they're talking about... 
Now that’s what I call a 
Put a pep in your step this weekend with our energy balls - made 3 ways! 
*LISTEN AGAIN* Neil has a great chat with 
Coming very soon... the official 
This is mind blowing stuff 
Spending the day in Philly to join a tour with the always awesome 
It’s ok. Just make one more.
 Got to Buy Your Jersey very excited 
Good Feud Guide Sports vs 
We just want to stress spaces are filling up really quick and we don't want anyone to miss out. Please retweet and visit 
Our very best wishes go to Jody who will be competing in the World Karate Championships in Tenerife next week! 
Read and take the stress out of your holiday beverage selection! 
Fantastic - and that's top notch customer service right there! 
Applications for FSAT Labs season 2 are open !! 
Fun way to finish the day! Love your bots! 
Congratulations Frank! We were honored to watch you compete in our inaugural 
Dogs, volunteering, and free food? We love it. Some great points here, 
We will have a Snapchat filter for Thanksgiving at our house! 
We are OVER THE MOON to see our team 
This little shirt is excited for its first day out this season 
Fantastic turnout for our festive Sunday morning 
This is AWESOME!! 
 please show ur support by retweeting
Love when my husband cooks me dinner 
Was a pleasure to meet you jack, look forward to meeting you in the future good luck at Aston Martin 
Spike Island gets the thumbs up from TYs as Europe’s leading tourist attraction 
As always, we look forward to welcoming our friends from 
 These guys had the time of their lives in Mauritius today
Lightning strikes! Will be playing around with this over the weekend. 
Thank you to all the Surrey coaches who attended today 
So incredibly proud of how far Lewis has come and how determined he is! Looking forward to hearing how his weekend was when we get back to school tomorrow! 
@cavendishimaging another fantastic work ! Keeping me safe a comfortable Thank you very much ! 
Awesome to deliver today’s Foundation EM teaching 
 We've got our very own parkGames app at Finals tomorrow! Download the app Mobile Adventures and give it a go! 
Thanks for your patience this morning during our brief closure at Broadway. We are now open (till 7 as usual)! See you soon 
Good win today! 
I've been following this story and I'm almost lost for words your quick thinking has resulted in a life saved with so much negativity in the world this is truly heartwarming people forget just how much you and your colleagues do to keep us safe 
Some more pictures from the New Impatient building today .Below are the three wings and we especially love the poster for today's date .
Super chuffed to finish second in the Ulster open today, our biggest shoot of the year, thanks Gamebore cartridges for all the support!!
Maybe some wasting their money at posh should come down 
Any top 10 Driving Game list had to include Mario Kart. It may not be realistic, but it sure is addictive 
Well done Jon Robinson. "A Father's Love" 
Simon & Garfunkel meets Butch Harmon....STOP HOOKING YOUR DRIVER 
Amazing show so far for The Last Waltz 
Have you seen inside a new £15.5m special school? Pupils have given it the thumbs up! 
Closing tomorrow morning! 
"The suicide rate in Britain fell by 4.7% last year to the lowest level since 2011, with prevention work in England credited for the drop." 
Looking fab Marie. Well done 
Now that I'm back in action, you can catch me and 
Sunday Funday! Swing in past and grab a beer or two, we'll keep the place cozy for you 
That's a picture ! 
Big day today The KHF and HSE are hosting "Open Doors Events " from 4-7 .all welcome ,come along and see what the results of a huge fundraising drive can do .
Always time for pies....
A huge thanks to Ulrik and the rest of the 
Harry meade & Daryl jacob looking good & happy in our Advance pro baselayers 
Amazing efforts! Thank you everyone involved 
Totally  gutted but can't argue when I got absolutely smashed by 
Frustrating night, but we have qualified. We will be better next time, thanks for your support as always 
TICKETS for the British Diving Championships 2018 go ON SALE TOMORROW and that gets a double 
Fittest comedian on the planet! Great work both 
It's true! 
I like you friend!
Thanks for a great game, the second half of the season will be very competitive.Safe journey home 
My man cave!
Wall Street Bitcoin rush makes Nasdaq stock exchange, which was set in 2015, launching 
A nice tribute to your Grandad Gibbo - 
Shout out to @Lava_Rock_Resto probably the nicest feed I've had this year 
We love our Canadian made 
Working and learning together is always a positive approach- great job 
Wishing SLC new captain 
Awesome Bulldogs!!  Keep it going!! 
Big thanks to Nationwide on Market Street, Wigan for hosting a foodbank donation point for customers 
What great photos. We have photography as a Wider Achievement option and also offer Higher Photography in the senior school 
Take it easy Nige. That bottle looks heavy! 
 Jason, could you help us raise money for 
Local journalism student Jordan Moreland is doing a quick survey on road racing for website idea.If you have a few minutes spare this evening fill it in. It's fantastic to see local students getting stuck in and promoting our sport. Great job Jordan!! 
Yaaas! Snow and Ice weather warning for Derbyshire
. Keep it going! 
Nearly there!!!! 
Today’s office view 
Tonight I'll be photographing 
reminder that I'm DJing in Atlanta tonight at Little Trouble around 10! 
Well done Chris on another best dressed appearance
Excellent performance last night in 
Important to remember of course that pressure ulcer prevention is the business of all healthcare professionals and not just nurses
Who’s coming on the Santa Santa Dash? All proceeds to Severn Hospice 
Ready for NXT TakeOver to be better than one of the big 4 WWE PPVs yet again. 
Had the day off from selling potatoes today.  Spent the day harvesting them instead.  Enormous fun!!
You deserve it. You worked so hard. I wish I had a copy to listen to at times as it takes me to a place I have been and brings me back like a gentle pair of hands under me to save me falling. Stupendous 
Of course would love to just ask Mikey 
Trucha trucha trucha!!!!! TROUT TROUT TROUT!!!!! stick in my head forever that song will. 
Those of us who have the privilege to lead public servants do have the best role. Fantastic to see young people picking up the mantle. 
Great work, everyone! 
Stare Monday right in the face and give it a huge 
Nice birthday present winning last night well done 
Spaghetti'mallow! Great event, thanks to all who took part. 
This looks really cool 
Only 48 hours to back this ace photo project with great rewards too 
Well done everyone fund raising for 
Every young/old footballer should watch this Brilliant 
We would 1st of all like to thank 
BLACK FRIDAY DEAL! 
 just left the Dundee show, it was unbelievable 
Preston 10 results. Well done guys 
Well said Andy.
We had a great day to day 
What a great idea on the inside of the toilet door 
that tour poster is a work of beauty
Not feeling festive yet? We’ve got just the thing!
The definition of good sportsmanship = Dan. 
#25 has taken the lead and is now P1.  
We're running the Civic WTCC at 
 is reaching a critical mass. Many amazing projects up for awards tonight at 
With people behaving appallingly it's great to see the heroes on 
Fantastic opportunity to discuss the future of Canberra and the region 
Next league Game at home to 
That feeling when you've just received news that you got tickets for 
FT 0-0 : Great shift from the 
Happy retirement to a class act both on and off the field.. a pure footballer with serious table tennis ability
Pretty sure that the Open Leadership Zone had the best signage at 
Exciting news alert! We're on 
Wow, that's great to hear! 
Well said Gareth. So rare to have an 
Blink and you'll miss it... 31 patients now recruited to FLO-ELA, with increasing levels of out-of-hours recruitment 
Fantastic news for Gallagher’s bakery congratulations to the team 
Confidence All Day and Every day.
Listen to Into The Forest by Kiosoma 
"I love reading about hidden treasure"Mihira in Year Three, you have definitely come to the right place. 
Y11 netball team through to the county round. 2nd in the Coastal and Wolds tournament. Well done girls! 
8 hours of stranger things was cool 
After a winter break, planing your summer holiday or a cheeky weekend away then give 
You could go Christmas shopping tomorrow or you could get down Priory Lane and watch 
First blast around Macau tomorrow, very best of luck to 
Awesomeness!! Win round trip airfare on 
Pittsburgh – It’s time for 
Poor performance tonight from us, credit 
Consistently 1 of the best events on 
We are 4 'LIKES' a way from 10K on the Canopus facebook page! Show us some love with a 
2 yrs ago a bloke painted my house for a few quid, today I'm painting it and watching him play in front of 20,000 people 
Looking to expand your company into Cornwall? Let our dedicated team help you make the most of your move 
Congratulations to all 10 teams for making it to the 10-way. Good luck to all 
 Time to get the nail clippers out... 
Out this Monday! My remix for 
This young fella had a find earlier this week. Great job 
Fall from grace?You were lucky to see such an Artist in such an intimate setting. Don't turn it into a negative.
Check out the photo on the tshirt of Guitar genius and present Guitar sensation Derek Trucks. Something good to imbibe back home I guess. 
Some Great news DUY player Vicky Saldanha De Rosa has signed a deal with 
Discover 8 simple rules to apply to your business & work so your messages are never ignored 
Massive well done to Adam! We so much appreciate his continued hard work and dedication to ReStore and Habitat! 
Nasty individual charged with 6 offences including assaulting an officer, threatening to attack the officer with a machete & racially abusing a detention officer. Charged and off to court he goes 
Thanks for the mention! wearemhabitat: Top panel discussion to complete 
All packed up, pre-reads complete, ncalt done, online assessment passed just 6 days of hard graft starting tomorrow at Telford university hopefully passing my bronze commanders public order course 
We are super excited to officially announce that 
It's the 5th and final day of our competition to win a copy of our exclusive, limited edition graphic anthology, Ministry of Women. Commissioned by the museum to mark 100 years of women in the army, it could be yours if you like and retweet with the hashtag 
 is attending a special advance screening of 
Mike's Mic & Brother Hal
Iron swim to begin the week, perk of being in next Lane to 
NEW MUSIC:- Listen "Orleo Dinero Ft. Junior Boy - Wire Wire" @ 
Who's got two thumbs and is ready for the weekend?! 
Brilliant idea getting pupils to educate parents. Well done Year 6. 
Fixed my performance data in the online dashboard easy enough 
Top panel discussion to complete 
You guys are great that's such a great cause research to identify and promote strategies that prevent the spread of HIV and improve the lives of people living with HIV. 
Dembele on, good love the man 
Valuable event on client/agency relationships this evening from 
Great effort from all the boys to get the replay
From one 6R4 fan to another, 
 redefining the meaning of smart TV @GFIC2017! With AI computer vision, smart TV is no longer the interaction between a HD screen and a 3D voice system. It is instead an intelligent machine that helps to optimize content recommendation and ad placement effectively! 
Another team talk done.  Up the Boatmen 
Oh shit I'm not telling you where I live then 
I think I called -17 total....so not bad 
Just in the space last night but show uploads/live stuff hopefully in a couple of weeks 
Well that’s a testament to both the machines and the operators. Brilliant. 
Here we go talented n my lovely bro dear 
Enjoyed the Santa Dash - great support around the city centre  ! 
We enjoyed seeing you both out there John, & there weren't many others with 2 buses of fans supporting them! Well done to all of you 
All 92 PL and FL grounds DONE! 92/92 
Absolutely essential on a cold winters morning - thank you 
 - Huge well done to all of you in respect of your Operational Excellence Award at 
Power is more powerful when it’s felt ... loved the look & title brother 
Want to get NFL Pub Smart this week?
Pc Roy Beasley for supporting a vulnerable woman and preventing her jumping from a roof 
Great stoves - family run business and excellent quality. 
Another week passes and more progress on the new clubhouse development. 
 fun continues - P6&7 Reading Buddies with P1&2 
My best wishes to the entire team of 
Even though hockey practice in town may have stole some of our curlers, I think we may have converted a few basketball players instead
New dice tray designs in the works 
Great networking event this morning, thanks TCC and The Mussel Club for hosting, great to meet some familiar faces and new people too! Oh breakfast was lovely too thanks Serendipity 
Eagerly waiting for the movie. All the best andaava kaanom team
Would personally like to thank 
Good start to the morning... charity 5K along Brighton seafront to raise money for the 
Sarah Clarke has been appointed the first female Black Rod in the 650-year history of the position in the House of Lords 
My pleasure! Any excuse to see Brian Murphy 
Thanks for the RT Jonny - much appreciated! 
Excited to Announce the launch of the new Tank 
Can I just say thank you to 
The kind of post race weekend hunger where a can of tuna with olive oil tastes great 
At the after party for Darkest Hour on the Queen Mary. Whiskey and ciagars are overflowing 
Absolutely! I agree with everything said here. He’s a great motivator and an engaged builder of men. 
Glad you enjoyed Liam no additives no preservatives just 
This is why I do what I do. This industry is so inspiring and it makes me so happy that people are achieving their dreams. I’m so incredibly proud to be a part of the 
Another fantastic day raising money for 
Congrats on the big-time funding round, 
Last day with this great bunch at Latham Park on the FAW ‘C’ Certificate. Onwards and upwards!!!Loads of learning and laughter...an excellent experience. Cheers all 
Be sure to stop by! 
Congratulations to all the runners who took part in the 
BBQ116/17: Butterflied Venison Haunch - New Blog Post now up: 
Fantastic. Look forward to hearing all about it 
Great day!!! Great to see a lot of people check their 
Calling doctors, physiotherapists, athletic trainers, sport scientists... Fantastic event coming up on 7th Dec. 
The performance. The result. The knockout rounds. 
Here’s to big weeks!! 
Special thanks to our Nurses for going above & beyond the call of duty 2 ensure the health/safety of 
Thanks! You can stream on soundcloud 
3.75 inches tall and ready to brawl! Hit 
As well as looking forward to tonight's awards, today we're also celebrating a year of producing the contents for Anxiety UK's member magazine, Anxious Times. The Winter issue has just arrived from print 
The people asked and the people received with their orange singlet 
The 2 essentials to living a happy and healthy lifestyle 
Happy Friday! Happy December! We are hitting the road... getting ready to kick off the 
Excellent performance and huge effort by the Trojans3-0 Trojans Good luck to the @THERAILFCfor the rest of the season 
Finished the replacement of this 20+ year old Potterton Profile with a rear exit 
Congratulations Cammy fantastic effort completing the London Marathon for Parkinson's, we're all very proud of you well done buddy 
Brilliant insight into a Munster player's day here on the University of Limerick Campus 
We've never seen a 
What a delightful honour! 
NEWS | Mitch Curry's loan deal with the club has expired and the striker has returned to parent club 
Photonics flashes home at Newcastle for a very nice second , well done 
Boom!!!!!!! Gold, silver & bronze for 
In totally separate news, my blog post about how we use 
Best get your application filled in 
Reminder-tomorrow is the last day for ordering your child's Card/mug design-please hand in the orders & monies by 3:30pm. Thank you#workingtogether 
After a cold start it was great  day to add extra cameras to one system followed by supplying a DVR and getting another system back up and running 
Thanks to feel the rhythm and Chris hunter, first free legged pacer I've won on 
Always lovely to see you brother 
Movember Update and I think Bessie approves 
Next Game-Home-Saturday 18th November 2017 
Just noticed my halter is beating a Derby winner's .. 
Three new coffees just dropped on the website: the first Peruvian single-estate micro-lot of the year, a Colombian and Kenyan. 
M Yoganathan, a bus conductor from Coimbatore, has single-handedly planted more than 38,000 trees in 28 years using his own modest income.
Don't forget you can still call or pop into the shop for FREE tickets 
Good sound check for tonight's gig 
When you're 28, feeling great... and just woke up with an underwear model 
and another great piece of entertainment from the rtw. 
4 wickets down. India right back in it. 2-0 looks likely by the end of the night today
Great day out selling in Sheffield with 
Thats because I put on my lucky watch 
Beatiful day to be mucking out the yards. Thanks to 
I have so enjoyed this series, will pester for series 2 
8.5% of litter on beaches came via the sewage network.The good news? This can be EASILY addressed by us 
Just a reminder that this month there is 25% off subs! 
OL8-Oldham all set for their Official Launch this Saturday. 
Very impressed on first visit to 
Loving the Library edition - sorry the Literature edition - of Shetland Life, out today 
Giving away this Karambit Crimson Web knife. Follow and Retweet for your chance to enter the giveaway. Winner drawn on 20th of June. 
Can’t stop this lad at min 
More importantly - from today no more Short Assured Tenancies can be made in Scotland. Landlords must grant a Private Residential Tenancy, which no longer has a 'no fault' eviction clause & tighter rules on rent increases. 
An absolute honour... Thank you all once again. 
Can’t go wrong there
 and I will appear on the next episode of 
Black Friday Discounts For SaaS Were A Terrible Idea. Here's Why. 
Excited to watch The Best Christmas Pageant Ever at 
A huge thank you to Simon & Jeremy from 
Its time to head home, 
One thing to emphasis and highlight from last night is our complete admiration and appreciation for the bravery and professionalism of Green Watch, Merthyr Tydfil Fire Station, thank you guys! 
Make that two spots left! Sign ups here 
Back to my old stomping ground Vienna tonight for a reunion session at classic club 
GOOD News: This man makes prosthetic arms and hands for children in his shed - for FREE! A huge thumbs up from us! 
Last day of term non-uniform  
Kannada version of Kodi!
Went last night...Great place...Give it a go 
Seems bending the rules for listening to 
4.3K views and over 150 thumbs up! 
Thanks for inviting me had a great time! 
I bring the products and education......you bring the discipline.....then together we will reach your goals
Taking us all on a field trip...literally! Great session 
Learn and master Vue.js by building 3 professional, real world web application. Here's a 90% discount! 
Dame Celia Hoyles is giving the opening talk at the inaugural meeting of 
Perfect indeed, sit back and let the future of the industry take care of you. 
Recovery in far Nth QLD with 
You know what day it is...
A wonderful visit as always to Rainham Mark Grammar school my old school for a short period to meet students & see a fantastic school Assembkey led by the amazing 
Yeeha! ! I got me some of them there pies!! from 
A bot of De Ja vu at old trafford.. 
Our machine operator Jack Willshire received glowing praise for his expertise, precision and teamwork during one of our recent successful jobs for 
Great news! Good luck 
Thursday - 66 Reports of Collisions on Lincs roads within 12hrsTODAY would be a good day to check your tyres 
Come on Oldham a, b and c teams! We can do it! 
Nice delivery this morning! Cheers to myoddballs for covering my tackle this season
Nice to get back and visit 
Plus my receipts plus lots of other things. It's know as a wallet on Wonder created by the one & only 
Your creativity has no boundaries Jane. I have to say I am now the proud owner of a 
Nice shot of the team down at Broadway & Ash.
No game this weekend. Game with 
Another great session tonight 
Laviish works from the inside out providing essential nourishment which topical products simply can't reach! 
The storyline of the movie happened to be a dark comedy and thriller gonna be fantastic  
Charged and remanded into custody, double shift for the team, good work all round 
Not the best Friday behind the wheel, but we will keep pedalling today. FP3 and qualifying coming up 
Great to be on this belter of a compilation on the legendary Glasgow Underground alongside 
Great article, Anisha 
This is a great opportunity if you're based in London 
Congratulations to YBB PUPILS after today’s schools trampoline competition
Amazing Verity!!!! 
Very proud of Prof Kate Warner, now Governor of Tas, on 
Enjoyed delivering all staff training today 
Thanks Frances , as always a loyal supporter of 
We are putting together our Jan/Feb magazine 
Big warm up to start day 2 for 
Thanks to Guy Fawkes for inventing fireworks. Some guy 
Very much looking forward to 
I've got a website! It's a work in progress,so get in touch if you've any comments: 
New European tour dates added... here's what's next 
Paul Heaton & Jacqui Abbott 
Some great stats about our current home form already and here's another. Get yourselves along on Sunday and cheer on the lads. 
Top table at tonight's 
Bhoys have reached Strathclyde Park! Quick scran, rest the legs then back at it. It’s been some shift but we charge on 
Thanks so much!!! 
After match celebrations! What a fantastic effort guys!!! A fine 3-2 win against Spalding 
I’m not sorry for being “absent” from Twitter over the past few days...I’ve been enjoying this week with my family. I’ll catch back up with y’all next week 
Always have to be careful when tempting fate with the puncture fairy but this is good going and appreciate the feedback 
Great to see these players coming through from some different country's 
Thank you to all the children who brought in bottles, tins or cans this morning for the  Tombola 
Tune in now for an offseason edition of ‘Access SportsNet: Dodgers’ and stick around as our panel recaps 
We’ve appointed our very first Disability Access Officer! 
"this training gave me a real understanding of the empathy required to work with missing people effectively" 
Welcome aboard if you are new to zapping today. We're seeing lots of you travelling with us to Manchester this morning 
Playing for the shirts. Hubby and his hero 
Will be live tonight on ww2 bring sass 
For everyone who has ever dreamed of being an entrepreneur—here’s your chance, here’s your opportunity. 
It's a monster Football Focus today!
Good Luck To Team Mates Past & Present For The Upcoming Season! Have A Good One 
R’wk Bks SGTs Mess tuned into CA’s 
FREE GIRLS FOOTBALL STARTS TOMORROW! Please Retweet
 Can we get to 2K followers?! Help us reach our 
 Wazers: you scored well in the 2017 
This reminded me to do my Qs today! Thanks 
No doubt Cristian... I think I have mug envy... That soda vessel is tremendous!!!  
You just have to download through Spotify to support the 
Very best of luck to our new skipper 
Very excited to have Michael on the team! Thanks for showing him a warm 
It's the way forward... 
Love this - free downloadable guide for making gigs more accessible. 
Reason #2 you should go to IDM Services. A Fast and Friendly Response! 
No need to apply for the next series Robbie, he is in 
"Friends, tweeters, lend me your 
A Huge Thank you to all the players, parents & grandparents, coaches, volunteers, clubs, groundstaff, umpires & scorers for making 2017 
Agree, more effective communication means better results and outcome for patients 
Give me your true, honest opinions of the 
Like the look of this - definitely on the Xmas list 
An outstanding leader who lives Army’s values 
Thank you so much for the thoughtful write up 
Thank you so much for everyone's lovely birthday messages.The messages really add something to my day.
Thank you so much for joining us! Everyone was so positive about impending opening of 
We could not agree more! 
Our spectacular 40K Club! 
Great Staff Health & Well Being 
Well done, lads! 
It took me a wee while but I finally finished it my first painting of the rise sculpture in Belfast let me know your thoughts.
Massive game on Saturday for the boys 
Good luck tonight at The Peebles Outdoor Film Festival 
Catching up on motorsport and finding out epic job by 
Very proud to be attending and judging the dog show for the third year running. (NEXT Saturday) 
One + week with IPhoneX and: form factor 
Yippee! Looks like a bit of a 
Monkey hat, caravan, bag of assorted perfume. Happy with my 
Nine top leadership tips from Prof 
It’s a pretty good looking front row!!!Thanks Mark Donaldson, VC for taking the time to engage with Army’s future 
Rakitic continues to be poor vermaelen is just shit & please 
First outing for the “new” rig today. Finding purpose for an under used piece of kit
Front-row start for Honda at Ningbo. P2 for 
First copy in my grasping little hands! SWOON! 12 movies in 12 months... but which one has sneaked in to the pic? Answers on a virtual postcard 
Yo thanks for calling and tuning in! Catch y'all later
  we add a twist to all our tom Dakins , med tonic , slice of orange , and to finish it off, a matchmaker choc orange stick.. Throws them over the edge 
Looking forward to to ight's workshop by 
Well done to our apprentice Mikaela Lawrence on her double on Saturday. 4 rides for 2 wins is fantastic. Keep up the good work.
Thanks to the lovely ladies at Thornton’s in 
Allen Crags looking forward to bait on Glaramara and maybe a view 
Nice to get a mention in this months BBC Sky at Night magazine! Thanks 
PhillyCheeze Rock and Blues Reviews #303: Samantha Fish - Belle of the WestRecorded @ Zebra Ranch Studio, Fish reunites with producer 
Getting ready to fly out to Belfast,New Panto adventure awaits 
There’ll be no cake for breakfast tomorrow morning - I’ve made two batches of granola 
Thank you guys for your ongoing support, it really is massively appreciated 
Trying out the Everest VR demo by 
These Widnes photos I've found aswell When they where a great team 
Glad you liked our new beer!  You can buy more from 
Thanks Iain for a great article. 
Ok Southern Miss students and fans let's show up tonight!! Football weather
Have you seen my e mails Donna? 
Good luck to Town Today 
Laugh? It’s a very modern phenomenon, but at least you know where you stand. Onwards and upwards 
REMINDER - FSEM Journal Club in UCC this evening with Dr 
It was a pleasure to host you Rajesh 
Sun 22nd Oct fixtures:U8's welcome 
You’re a bad influence on me 
This Sunday come see 
Well done to Brett oversowing track you deserve everything 
Look at all the companies getting involved in  
 is good fun. Full of festive cheer. Great cast too 
Lovely meeting you too......so nice getting to meet a new friend, absolutely love the photo you took of the Pad Thai 
Out micro coring greens today with the 
Mmm this is the way to go on black friday, a pint of 
Anyone looking for an All Whites Ticket, white noise zone? Looking to get my money back 
Sŵ San Siôr ‘The Apprentice’ Challenge: Design ‘Axolotl Top Trump’ style playing cards! 
Well done Adil Kahn from 
Got airplane wifi. 
Delighted for Adam Pringle and Rachel Andrew who have just guaranteed themselves at least bronze in the U17 European mixed doubles. Well done and good luck in the semi-finals 
Met the heavyweight king today 
On the cover of Tomorrow’s Hits 
It may not help straight away but check this out please and share via 
I've just listened to this podcast, many thanks for your insight Jacques & 
Sidewall stickers. Love or hate?For the record, we love them 
Still looking for a venue for your Christmas party, book a table before the 8th of December at 11.99  a head. Call in to find out the dates that are still available 
Little Athletics calls for more Indigenous kids 
Learning how to count whooper & Bewick's 
Looks fun and loads of smiling faces 
*REMINDER* Our 2017/18 LTPD centre starts 2nite 
don’t worry a nice lady at 
Glenn & Cheryl sharing their experience with Greg and Cat at the Texas Time Trial 24 hr 4 person relay.  Smiles all the way around.  
14A Final Group Game. Trent 2 - Uppingham 1. Group Winners 
Congratulations to our senior sport journalist 
These must be won TONIGHTRETWEET for your chance to win one of Two Pairs of tickets for next Friday's Dubs At The Dogs. A fantastic night
Loved playing the Auction House 
 This coming Sunday for the ASD Learning Support Centre 
It’s late, but there is a sale going on over at 
Please check out the cool items up for auction 
Cheers guys, come see us for a pint if you can? 
Sessions 'mini-guides' have arrived! Contact us for copies or to book a full sessions presentation at your place 
I once heard drinking 20 cups of coffee a day helps reduce heart attack 
Ours is on if anyone fancies it, support would be appreciated 
Reminds me of my mams brown bread. We bought some packs at Bloom. Hooked
This Morning, We Helped Out at a Community Garden Project, Clearing an Over Grown Area & Digging a Hole for a Pond! 
Another unlicenced scrap metal collector dealt with in 
In the New Year, we will have five more of these free (yes FREE!) marketing & PR 1-2-1 consultations available, sign up to get the available dates before anyone else 
If we could get girlfriends, partners,mums+sisters or randoms for an alternative...club rat would appreciate it! 
Everybody at the club would like to wish 
Beautiful version of Joni’s 
Thank god for home time hey...Aus 3/18 at the end of day 1,  242 runs behind. Bangladesh bounced back, we need to do the same. 
Woohoo!!!!! 
It’s a cracker by the looks of it Dav. Will be coming your way at some point for the Bat Whisperer to work his knocking in magic on it! Awesome service from the 
Tonight we held our Operations Independent Advisory Group Meeting chaired by 
Really looking forward to the opening of the new 
It's a decision that is right for Scott and his family at this time. We respect him for that and wish him well with the next chapter in his career. We've got some great memories too! 
Plenty of problems on roads this morning. Flood risk from the culvert & drains on King St averted by 
A great evening last night delivering 
Don't forget the melted cheese and bacon jacket potato @£4.00 
Fact of life: even little ones get anxious. Try these calm-down techniques next time your little one gets worked up 
This week’s staff awards were won by Mrs Holland (who got the treat) and the kitchen staff (who got the task). Well done all! 
It’s tomorrow - 23rd Nov, 
Can my friends RT my upcoming Xmas Football Camps info for me please 
Outstanding last night, and an even better bloke 
Give these a try at work today & your body will thank you for it 
Congratulations! Let brings this number to 8 millions in the future! 
(2/5) In 
TONIGHT WILL BE AMAZING 
DidYouKnow that Bankwest Mastercard™ customers get 10% off food & bev at 
If anyone has any pics or vids from the festival that they'd be happy to share please post them up, we'd love to see them 
Why Commodus' thumb is pointing the wrong way in 
What a selection we've got this morning 
Our stylist charlotte_reedhair had a great evening at 
Gr8 meeting today for the album. Final list of songs done and theres plenty of songs & to suit all tastes! We don't do short albums here 
Big well done to Sergeant Gallagher on achieving his 4 Star APC this evening, the culmination of months of hard work. 
This is so important to me. I'm afro-latina and my daughter is multiracial so media needs to change. 
Next community pain support group today at 10am at Lowfell Gateshead. All welcome 
BBQ120/17: Rib Eye Steak on the 
Vote for women who can light their own fires, vote for 
Stand looking great! Going to be a busy day for Carol & Liz at 
We held a collaborative GOTRI event with 
Just tapped... We'll see you tomorrow night then 
Here's what's coming up for the next two weeks in Europe... 
Brilliant concept and they are serving my beer label with 
 pride on display at Tel Saba for 
Great to meet you briefly yesterday 
You have picked 2 terrific drivers a talented players.My last post was about the difference n players ability.Difference only U and I would notice.I personally don't agree w more turn, longer backswing =longer straighter drives 
Japanese toilets though.....
How does landscape add value to housing developments? Great debate at 
Top Radio 2 DJ on the drive home from 
which wich is easily the best place of all time for a hot sandwich 
We blurred the contract in these photos because we don’t trust the internet but thanks for noticing 
Well done all, it was a great event as always 
Throwback to some good times with the boys! Party shred season is upon us! 
Really- Watch this - it’s quality 
Definitely a chef to watch.......visit us in the heart of the Cotswold and see it for yourself (or rather taste). Well done 
 A308 standstill again this morning!!! Glad I have my 
A couple of weeks to go to keep collecting the 
Recommended by one of my favourite places in the world to spend a cosy night 
We are proud to have you on board.
Paul Marshall will reach 200 caps for Ulster on Friday if he plays against Benetton Rugby 
Have a look at the highlights from our WIN last night in Leeds! 
New members evening tonight. 7.30 Brad Hall, come along & find out more about YFC 
Just travelled on the reintroduced Town Centre bus service through Maesydre and neighbouring wards. Great hourly service and a brand new bus! Timetable at Stand 3 inside the town bus station. Give it a go
Excellent song one of my favs 
@DavidHall98 happy birthday pal 
 A young British Film Maker and a Hammer needs your help  Help make it happen for HOME 
A great morning reviewing the work of my 
Many many thanks to all involved in the Keswick to Barrow walk for this generous gift. 
The production & attention to detail in the new 
Push button and it rains Hershey kisses and tootsie rolls and mini Reese’s peanut Butter Cups
Very cool to run into 3 great lady competitors in our industry 
Gender based violence manifests itself economically too. Women stigmatized by Violence lose focus and incetinve to work and end up in extreme poverty. Let's join hands to end this scourge across the Globe.                     Yes we
We love the creativity of local boy Levi! Help us spread the use of his new word 
Pork belly & scallop paired with 
Solve your household waste dilemmas - general waste or recycling?We've simplified what belongs in your household 
Great to welcome The Irish Deaf Society to Shoda for breakfast this morning!! 
Really appreciate it my friend. Thank you. Final lap starts in Newcastle & then time for new challenges but still round motorsport/media. 
Rock Remembers Rick E. P.
What a fun morning kicking-off the Youngstown YMCA Jr. Cavs season! Good luck! 
Clear red card on this cheap shot by 
Wonderful day at Flemington yesterday, great to see Redzel get up for 
Using a ‘Task list’ pattern for govt. services speaks to a ‘jobs to be done’ model of user needs. Me like 
Today all 3 form classes that I visited were wearing full school uniform including blazers! Great work 5HB, 5HA and 5SA keep it up 
Just listened back to the next episode of the podcast with 
you need to do your work and quit tweeting! Then you'll graduate 
Priorities priorities. First on the agenda, 
2/2  This weekend’s 
Today... The Mercedes trophy on our links... Succes to all the participants 
Hats off (or best on now!) to psychology tutor, Joe Petrykowski, who has today braved the shave to raise funds for Children in Need! Everyone at Trafford College is very proud of you 
Amazing app! Did the selfie test - brilliant 
Showcasing Glengoyne at this weekend's International Whisky Festival was Glengoyne's Global Brand Ambassador, Gordon Dundas and Dutch distributors 
Great to have you here Matt! Dont be shy, feel free to visit us again soon! 
Preparation is underway for Sunday’s 
 thank you for the maker cool things 
Brilliant work this week from local teams 
Fantastic use of technology to embed historical knowledge and learning. 
Congrats Juwan, Charles , Andrew & team ! Awesome 
Great blog Iain. Excellent points. 
Amazing October afternoon off the Kent coast. Long may it last 
Can't wait to see film for Coventry City of Culture bid which features my poem "Our Cov" - showing at House of Commons today 
Great news for the North East and 
Tune in every Friday from 12 to 2 (Irish time) on 
I recommend "God's Own Country". 
Good to see ya mate, be it briefly 
Haha okay whatever makes you feel good buddy 
Here we go the madman’s first episode enjoy everyone he’s some man 
Welcome to Stangmore Park Johnny Lafferty 
Yes!!! 
There you go Rebecca and all the very best. 
You seem to be lucky mascots . 
Year 8 cathedral chorister Ben: “singing makes me feel brave” - me too, Ben! 
Always on hand to help the digitally challenged too (aka me!) 
Being visible and offering re-assurance to our community is key. Inspector 
May we suggest you pass the time by listening to our latest pod with guest 
Well done everyone. 
22 year gap for me at Mountain, nice to be back... 
Congratulations! Well deserved 
Honestly. That was a fantastic Messiah. Dramatic. Exciting. Emotive. Nailed it, 
We are proud to support Clean Sport and will be updating the Triathlon Community to any changes and updates! Head to our dedicated Clean Sport page to learn more 
Motor adaptations and spinal pain.. it’s ok that people’s Motor responses are not all the same ..the evidence supports it !  So let’s just take a pt centred approach mx the drivers ..great lecture by 
About time! This is a validation of the economic & institutional reforms being undertaken. Miles to go...but we’re headed the right way. 
We are at the Tenant's Conference at City Hall today talking about our dementia outreach work!  
Thanks Sue,enjoyed the night and the chat,very inspirational 
Good luck to our S3 pupils undertaking their City and Guilds Barista assessment tomorrow. This is part of our DYW Customer Service programme. 
She’s just to good to die 
The Morrissey Smiths Disco is now full. No more admittance. See you in January 
Sounds like a great competition from 
I think I know at which moment in Totentantz this photo was taken ,with 
Work is still going on but no traffic impacts. Now that is a forecast to be thankful for! 
An old team mate and friend of mine breaking new boundaries! Good luck Conor 
 you never fail best rally of the year again, this pic sums up the day, shame about the off in grizedale 2 she didn't drive the same after but still a great result, thanks 
Our Sixth Form Taster Morning was in full swing earlier.  In Textiles the girls were experimenting with making dresses out of bin liners - and they did a pretty impressive job! 
20th August is the big one! 
I fucking love you guys not only are you amazing musicians and great live performers but you stand for everything I believe in myself. Great thread couldn’t have put it better myself. 
Wooler Trail Marathon - YouTube looks like a great route 
Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. Got. NEEED!!!!! ITV4 programme about Panini stickers on now. 
Happy to be able to leave a mark which is admired, Image IS important, if things don’t visually change a lot can become stagnant and can even have the same effect on staff, positive visual change can only improve appearance, will draw attention and the desire to be involved 
If anyone picked up the Front Line DLC on Xbox and didn't get the Enforcer Spray, relaunch Paladins and it should show up 
Mom + Dad got a getaway 
Thanks for all the bday love twitter fans! Feel extremely lucky to have such great fans who always support me through ups and downs 
My Father told me I may never play like him, but try to be a good man like Arnie. Happy Birthday to the King. We miss you! 
It’s a Sports Special 
"Gotta thank Pirelli for the tire mctirefaces. They had a ton of grip." Totally natural. 
And a huge goodbye to Dr. Ford! We'll miss your bright spark on Darwin every day but you'll do us proud at the Infirmary 
And I'm sure you're not the only ones... Who knows, perhaps 2018 will be your apple growing year! Fingers crossed by Spring you'll see little leaves poking up through the soil. Top marks for persevering though 
Congrats to all of the “DEPLORABLES” who lost their seats to Democrats and progressives in a MASSIVE upset in yesterday’s elections. 
Game was played in the right spirit, congratulations on the win, loved the chicken soup at half - time,  see you at ours later in the season 
Congratulations to all those shortlisted for 'Fast Growth Business of the Year' from all the team 
Congratulations to my former club SLAVIA Prague for 18 tittle in history!!! Great season and really deserved!!! Proud of you guys!!!
 We are looking forward to visiting your open day on 9 July 
Best of luck to Stuart Webb's apprentice Michael Poy who has his 1st race ride aboard the hotpot Nature Strip, R2 at Mornington today 
Know what day it is? It's Day 4 of 12 Days Of Giving! Today we're featuring the coolest parents, 
Ciao Nick!  Canadian volleyball star Nick Hoag is a media pro in English, French and now Italian 
Only a few more days until December! We think that deserves two thumbs up. 
New website up and running...getting out of the Stone Age and even gone mobile friendly..have a look if you’ve 2 mins to spare..www.campagne.ie 
2 world championships in the bag and all sights set on Tokyo 2020. Keep an eye on 
Wrapping up a fantastic weekend of soccer at the Boys EDP Cup Fall Showcase 
Snagged a fatty, must be the luck of my new 
Love this! Us grown ups all need a more youthful perspective 
Calling all Singing Hands Fans! 
Thanks... Lots of legends in that photo... 
Thanks folks for all words. Much appreciated 
U14 football county champions for the 2nd time this year. Doing 
It’s very cold but sun is out so having lost a match day to “hurricane Ethel” (whatever) unnecessarily we will leave it late and let the sun work it’s magic. Will update as soon as we can but I am not pitchside so help me 
Hope you enjoy it! Let me know what you think 
We had the pleasure to visit the wonderful children and staff 
Stay updated by following us:
 Not one, not two, not three, but four 
This Thursday is Episode 21.  We sit down and get the podcast ON with the very lovely & honest 
It was an excellent talk Mike, thanks for visiting us 
Fantastic cause to run for Steve! See you in May 
Looks like a great intro to bikepacking! Sadly our main long distance protagonist is on hols then but we'll spread the word within the club
Find me (Pete) & the rest of my team on stand number 199 & 200 in the Exhibition Hall for the 
Spread your wings is the jewel in the crown of the news of the world album for me.
Fine looking group of distinguished gentlemen! 
Well played tonight matey on your first start very impressive 
What a special day for Dario, class act Vanguard
Awesome trip last Friday with the 
When I first wrote 'Whittled Away' I listed 115 species now extinct from Ireland. I since discovered one is not extinct (a bee) 
Great team win by all 14 young women 
Received my heat tint sweet spot clutch today. It looks fab and am looking forward to putting on the kit. Thanks 
Thanks for taking the time tonight 
Get into marketing, they said. It'll be creative, they said. I just spent the last hour counting Argos gift vouchers 
Reminder for Edinburgh Kiltwalkers - Please have your fundraising submitted by November 17, that's this Friday, for your charity to receive a 40% bonus! Thank you 
Looking forward to seeing the results of all the hardwork
The Boss showed me how it's done! 
Long time coming but brilliant by the 
Our friends Joel & Harri from 
Such a great opportunity! 
People would be lost without the free service . Lovely friendly drivers too 
Which ever you like the look of most 
Come discover our new 2018 collection on our booth (Pavillon 24, Booth I65) at Eicma !!! 
Well done Sarah. 
I'm feeling every time I'm seeing 
Great interview. Gotta luv Blake 
A new thing: if you're interested in the supplies I use for arts and are gonna get them off Amazon anyway, here's a page for that where I get some kickback. 
 HERE -->> 
Applying basic clinical reasoning to a narrative that included a previous surgery local to the site of symptoms.Quite the ‘gotcha’ moment. 
Hearing that all todays Speccy car park’s are full since early morning for. 
Whaaa? I MUST HAVE THESE. 
Full-Time at Coach Rd & it's a wonderful result for Devon as they fight back from trailing to 
So here he is Alioski and he’s bombing down the right. Plays in Samu Saiz coz he’s fucking dynamite!Just a rough draft. Anyone care to add or improve?
Here's a wine cabinet we finished and fitted today, looks great. Thanks to Yvonne for using Retro Chimps 
What a lovely thing to do!Thanks for helping out an injured veteran in need 
Took a huge step today 
Not long now until my first event on the 
Great venue and great hospitality 
This is great...the more well informed pupils are, the more able they will be to make wider choices. Good on you guys for getting involved. 
Delighted to be welcomed back-hope to see lots of parents/carers too
Beautiful 911 Carrera 4 GTS Cabriolet joining us at Porsche Newcastle!-20" 911 Turbo S Wheels-Sports Seats Plus-BOSE Sound System-Carbon Centre Console-Heated SeatsThumbs up
my wee cousin Adam smith loves training with  the guys at 
St Johns church this evening. 
Another successful 'get Started with Boxing' programme at Stanningley Fire Station. Massive well done to 
Let's be friends on instagram. 
Any support for committee member 
A lot of cool new 
A fair few Blues players will be running out for 
Thanks mate, hope you’re well 
Well done for reaching Toro young student finalist 
We reached 1,000 likes on Facebook this week! 
Just want to thank all of my friends,family and followers for your support and kind messages over the wkend.means so much to me.thankyou all
Our Nascar Whelen Euro Series cars at Race of Champions 
Hey Kelvin! You rock 
Since the newsletter request for Aulagromyza heringii records, we've had records from England, NI & Wales 
Best of luck to Sam. 
 | Yesterday we said thank you - but not goodbye - to two great men in Colin Slater and Tony Cuthbert.
Ha! Was just reading about Navratilova on 
Many thanks to Thomas Kehl-Fie for a great visit at the Univ. of Illinois 
Junior Development Programme! Week 3 of the junior programme with Development Coach 
Sir, I asked for your book for Christmas, and I was expecting a list of Olympians, marathoners, professors, etc., but I couldn't help but notice the praise from Matt Billingslea, drummer of the 
I got some new designs from the talented 
Hello! 5 million times to you my friends
For this week our follow Friday is for our sister venues! Go and check them out 
Tomorrow's Match against Rosebank has been cancelled due to a waterlogged pitch. See you next week 
 teams - prepare for the upcoming futsal season by getting yourself to uni of Cambridge sports centre 2moro 
Jack recovering well following his ops. He would like to thank everyone for their kind support and generous donations 
ICYMI: We have a new leader in 
Looking forward to getting social 
Great night @Brumawards 
Today's realisation about teachers on Twitter: whatever their beliefs/pedagogy etc, they clearly really care and want the best for children, and that's why they're willing to debate so fiercely. 
The fans we spoke to before the match were also a fantastic credit tothe club and fans sang for their team!! 
Right place. Right time. Right man! 
Heyyyy - here's a very fun short I made with 
Another great performance from England u 17s, full of skill and good shape to the team .Must say Foden in the 10 position 
GOOD NEWS !!We believe the owner of this item has now been identified .. thank you to everyone for sharing 
Some crazy mofos voted for us as Best Newcomer Label, thanks! 
So many awesome scenes by all! 
Many thanks to all those residents, staff & businesses who donated, baked & came to our 
Excellent friendly tonight against a very good 
Habits of happy people:1 don't show off2 talk less3 learn daily4 help less fortunate5 laugh more6 ignore nonsense7 no entitlement
Not long now before a wonderful ahead with this beauty 
I love this piece and the ‘pretty boy’ featured in it! 
Not only that but to have Eddie Spears fall on top of him I am sure was no fun either, amazing acting. 
Great clarity and transparency from a club not treating its fans like an afterthought 
Captain Black Big Band's Monk Suite ready to go 
That would be one pay per view experience I *would* support!! 
It's been a blast working for 
 An app to manage groups, clients and comms.Great 
Hey! Please take 5 minutes to answer this survey about how archaeologists can do more to engage with the public 
Thanks to all parents who came along yesterday. If you couldn’t manage please return the game in your child’s bag and I will organise your certificate. 
WOWSERS !!! Ya did a cracking job on the auction too 
Love this philosophy. Excited to watch the evolution of 
Last tweet for the night, unfortunately seen a good pal off mine make a bad decision today which has ended up with him spending what looks like a few months at her majesty's service starting from today.  Chin up old pal, karma will get the fuckers in the end 
So excited to receive this amazing book! It is even more gorgeous than I anticipated and I am now planning this week's meals, starting with the Giro d'Italia. All for a worthy cause too
We are really grateful to our sponsor 
 thank you for the prompt delivery and of course the caramel rocky for my first tea break tomorrow 
Who fancies an early bird or twilight deal next week? 
All ready for the FSB Regional Dinner at Abbey House Hotel... 
2 of the best Rock Bands of all time. If you agree let me know ! 
Next week should have VC10 watches, yoke badge replicas, VC10 bottle openers, badges, stickers, lanyards, prints and signed copies of the 
The Fenwick's green van is the Broom Wagon 
My book ‘The General’ hit stores today. Head over to Readings on Glenferrie Road Hawthorn to grab a signed copy off the shelf 
Alarm set for 3am! 
Thanksgiving plans? Call us on 0151 645 3044 or 0151 709 9929 
What do you do when your streak of 40 consecutive double-figure scoring games gets snapped? YOU START ANOTHER STREAK.
Love seeing feedback like this on the 
Worcester ready for growth as an emerging national startup hub, says 
BREAKING → House passes Tax Cuts & Jobs Act. America’s comeback starts now!
 will be with us in Bangor January 10th and Wrexham  January 11th 
» Good to sit down and chat with 
Where are we? We have so much work to do! 
Good week away with the lads 
Awesome adventures with awesome people! Thanks Maria and Ryan 
Updated these with argumentation and persuasion sheets. Tweaked summary too. Thanks to original creator. 
Meet Circu-Lite Squeeze Therapy For Legs, 
You would think after winning a g1 I could get something better to eat than an old branch 
Had fun taking photos of the Chilliwack A1 peewee game last night. Thanks for the invite 
Delighted as always to visit excellent local 
CIRTL Seminar: teacher seen as reflective practitioner 
Really Appreciate your words Nigel 
Beginner? Checkout Vemdalen in Sweden! It’s got dedicated beginner’s zones in each ski area.
Trev and Rich grab their mates and try to make some cash. In a podcast. Which sounds like nothing to worry about. 
Super lunchtime behaviour! 
Just had a meeting and an excellent coffee here 
Appalling weather but the fire in the bellies from unions,parents our MPs who will fight cuts to our children’s education  
Great wkend,really happy.cant complain with a 6-0 against a legend Gary Anderson.ill take that lesson
BACK ROOM IS OPEN! 
What a great day out at WallingfordHead for 
Well done to MacRory boys today & everyone involved! 
This is worth a listen. Two of Brunch's finest and 
Glad to hear you had a positive experience 
Today we give thanks for Falconer’s Flight 7C’s + thanks to 
Brilliant guys, keep up the good work 
Want to win a Meet and Greet with 
We've spent today photographing the superb 
Competition time, share this with a French speaking person who you think would like it for Xmas 
Psyched to announce the release of Rosie Carney's 'Winter' on Akira! Huge thanks to NPR Music for the premiere 
The Carnival Centre will be open today until 4.30pm if you want to buy your 
Events like the Cork Rebel Swim wouldn’t happen without volunteers. Many thanks to Mallow Swans & all our helpers who helped out in Mallow 
Rural GPs from across Scotland & beyond heading to 
We are very proud on our clients- ex-yu champions 
Cheers Brian Top man 
Come and see us today 
Constructive talks held yesterday with 
All those people planting trees because the were inspired & convinced by 2 girls 
Good luck to all our amazing volunteers taking part in the 
Awesome vibe, awesome venue & awesome show! 
Deal done yet again I am a shoei factory rider for 2018 massive thank you to 
Voting is only open until Tuesday !! Please support AB 
Want to get your hands on a few bargains this Christmas?
What an outstanding ride Georgina Cartwright 
My goodness they do look freaky. What is the left one doing..?! 
What a great tour of the Slane Castle in Ireland. 
Delighted to have played a very small part in raising over £6k for 
Unexpected/pretty incredible northern lights over northern Idaho tonight
It's MATCHDAY EVE! Thumbs up if you're looking forward to being back at the Lamex tomorrow. 
 Day 11 - K is for Keep!  Shout out to 
All services are back up and running, we managed to control the attack within a couple of minutes. We're currently filtering all traffic. Check 
We’ve received loads of messages about 
We hope you are enjoying your Independence Day.  If you plan to go downtown: watch for pedestrians, expect traffic delays & bring sunscreen
Looking great Darragh. Well done 
Thank you Lloydy for being the 12th man this year... or 
Shall do, Clive. Thank you for your kind words. Please call Josh at 
It was a pleasure to be with guys today. You were a good group and looking forward to coming back next year 
Ohh very excited..fingers and toes are crossed 
Hah totally! Way better than the moon landing even!! 
Massive apologises 4 the 30 minute queues 2day guys! We really appreciate the patience. Honestly did not forecast the enormous influx of customers at all. Efficiency will be improved 4 next weekend with more staff, more banter & a whole lot more cheese 2 keep u guys stocked up 
A terrific ticket for Angie, our Blood Transfusion administrator, for going the extra mile in her work on rejected samples 
new post coming soon
 well done on your cup win, I look forward to the rematch for 3 points! 
Congratulations to the first flight with the Biofuel plane from Beijing to Chicago! 
Gotta say.. Y'all have a great sound!! I'll be watching & listening to more of your music & let ya know what I think... 
Good luck for tomo mister 
Fantastic result to kick on from now for rest of season. Looks a good place to be from the outside now at the club 
Out of my 7 years producing I've never cringed as much as I have this year 
Heads up for poker people planning for Prague - 
Congrats Nick! Wish you all the best mate 
Saturday vibes got us like 
Here is the whole clip of Rioli goal. Multiple efforts. 
Cool..Think I’ll get one.?!!!
 getting our prep on...brick lane Sunday 
Another great night had by all, thought you’s nailed D.I.Y. Great addition to setlist. 
@QuotelineDirecti  just had some fantastic customer service from Rob Clark!! 
Loved talking growth mindset in the math classroom today with 
Yeah we loved it, a great event very well organised & we met some great people..
Now this is a real result ! 
Shining a light on EVO young players & helping them on their hockey journeys. Delighted to report on the story of talented young goalkeeper 'Marth Vader'Check it out 
Congratulations to Steve Johnson new manager at 
Not gels...try 
 Banoffee caramel digestives....what a time to be alive 
Been busy improving our courts. Floors sanded, walls cleaned & out of court area repainted. Front walls to be re-plastered soon 
Take a look at what fellow supporters of 
You missed out the first time - don't miss out again! Our 2017 limited edition bracelets will only be available for limited time. Get yours now at 
Hear about the future of background jobs on this 
The Juan De Fuca Trail stretches from China Beach to Port Renfrew! Beautiful photo by @islandchristopher thanks! 
Runner-up for our new award, Best Angel Syndicate, goes to 
Parents! Kids Eat Free on Monday nights from 4pm to close 
Red Deer to start bouncing back from economic slump: Conference Board 
Wooow!!! That was an EPIC finale 
Golf needs to be very careful how much it constantly invests into Tiger. Not saying he is not great he is. But as always golf needs to move forward and players like Spieth are what 23 year olds and below now aspire too. 
 we have come to Canary Wharf station this morning to reassure you and spread the servator message, come speak to us, say hello and don’t be alarmed there nothing to worry about we are here to keep you safe
Well done Spencer and, well done Telford Park school 
Good luck to all the finalist at the 2017 Greater Manchester Sports Awards taking place on Friday 17 November at The Point, 
Thanks, Ryan! We're so glad that we were able to help - enjoy! 
went ahead and ordered a copy of The Wrong Car EP 
Finished up today besides clients handles which arent yet on site. Bespoke understairs kitchen cabinets 
Just watched SoS Glasgow first ever 08 game v 
Our telephones are working again. 
Know anyone who’s aceing it in the pub/bar/resto/hotel world on the drinks side? Don’t forget to nominate them for 
PYO strawberries starting this Saturday 21st May,Lovely and sweet!
 I felt the same when I saw 
This is awesome! Need to 3D print a prototype product for your business? Get in contact with the 
Warm ups are often taken for granted, they can be fun too! Have a look at their channel for more warm up ideas 
Just in: lovely mention in 
Happy girl right now, new date added and managed to get tickets for 
 Before I put a order in could you tell me what choccy treat is being shipped this week.
Huge congratulations to Jessica for securing a Traineeship with 
Huge admiration for this inspirational man, Dave who has faced so many challenges 
Excellent words of encouragement from our good friends across the pond! 
Thanks for another well organized event guys! 
Superb addition to small buissnes Saturday. Brilliant idea 
This is a good one! On iTunes and acast now 
You know what to do people, check out 
Dashers, we've uploaded some photos from Sunday, take a look at our Facebook page to view and don't forget to give us a like 
No weather can stop Team Attraction. Brilliant 
 great night at the stables last night,looking for to the next 5 albums,see you next year 
Looking good next to the entrance of 
Best of luck to my good mate 
A much deserved reward at the end of the hike 
I’d pleasure of starting out with 
Wow 10,000 followers! To celebrate we are giving 1 lucky winner a £200 voucher on our website. Just RT this and tag 
Day 15 Mo update...halfway now! Big thanks for all donations so far 
Using language for empowerment and to help make a fairer world = 
Proud to release my testimonial top for my game against Huddersfield on the 1st of Feb. RETWEET for a chance to win one . 
Suspected arrested today in relation to theft of tools.Thank you to everyone that shared our appeals.Solihull CID Officers will be in touch with everyone next week that made contact to ID tools 
It was a great night! Thanks to all who came. 
So great to hear Urmala from Sampad and Tas, curator for our People of Partition in 
We seem to be having a ocean/ship adventures mini-trend happening in YA. Lots of pirates or sea creature books coming out. 
It's not too late to showcase your talent in the 
Next week preview! Community workshop 
hey, if you haven't checked out 
DDoS attacks are persisting but impact is mitigated, check 
Day 336I am so fatigued today, I can just about manage an extra 31sec FRONT PLANK with you all in addition to Jürgen’s treats.Keep going. Nearly there! 
Congratulations Rob, well done to you and the team....
Absolutely fantastic achievement Tring well done 
Our National Sales Manager 
Really impressed with this beer ! Lovely juice bomb, well balanced 
Great score guys! 
We believe in diversity 100%.It’s time to act and hire more women into top 
Give that extra protection and seal your grout joints 
Another great review thank you so much
Pls follow this amazing musicians. 
Year 7 girls rugby is a huge success. The group are really getting stuck in and soaking up all the mud 
1919 clothing, market weighton, casual market 
“I’m just here so I don’t get fined, oh and this...” 
I warned about this months back, and now reports are flooding in. Be safe, 
Buxton & Taunton this weekend 
First week of rehearsals done 
I'm on Reddit right now - proof of ID!!! 
Really really impressed with my canvas from 
FREE parking after 3pm in all Denbighshire carparks from the 21st of November until New Years Eve...perfect for local Christmas shopping!
Good morning! Double tweet length means we can tell you about double Jim on Tuesdays 
CAM for life Chef! 
Exercise lowers the risk of depression by nearly half! 
Will Grigg isn’t really on fire but I might be.  Doing a Firewalk for 
Thank you to the amazing Gateshead Arthritis Care Team who have supported yet another pain network meeting! 
If there are any postponements, drop us a tweet, direct message or message us on here so we can RT and tweet out the information. 
Top 5 Superstars (Monthly) :-1.Salman Khan2.Akshay Kumar3.Ajay Devgn4.Aamir Khan-Varun Dhawan5.Shahrukh KhanBack to back 100cr's with honest attempts Akshay is on 2nd position-Record breaking 
Wouldn't it be fantastic to see fresh British milk on the shelves in 
If you are in Shanghai for the art fair and need a break from all those sales go see me and 
They sound found fab, another visit may be on the cards! 
Happy birthday Sir! 
Thanks to all gave up their evening last night! Lots to ask! 
Incredible run!!! Proud of all for such an outstanding effort!! All winners!! 
We're really looking forward to having ex-Gas forward Dave Gilroy around to help out with events & to tap into his professional knowledge 
With a mindset of glass half full no doubt  #
Seen some of the finalists this morning at the hotel
What it looks like when our Automotive sales manager training his team in continuous improvement 
MPT student Council collects food and Turkeys for the St James Food Pantry!  Thank you Mrs Woerner for your continued support! 
great event and very well organised 
Worcester people: if you know someone who may be alone on Christmas Day. Tell them Mad Pierre is putting on a lunch at The Chestnut and they’re invited. What a top bloke 
Thanks Sara!! 
Loving these new warm ups I picked up yesterday from 
Bad news: it's still offseason.Good news: the boss has next steps planned
Many thanks to Mike & Lynn. 
Epic Welsh road trip via Aberaeron in today’s WMail WalesOnline 
Really productive afternoon jointly with colleagues 
I believe all girls attending 
If your a supermarket shopper why not have a change on a Sunday roast shop with your local greengrocer & butcher & taste the difference 
Bringing smiles to the kids at NCCF today 
Podcast interview with Tyler Cowen.  A focus on his learning and thinking process. Recommended. 
Today's pick is Closer Than They Appear 
Well done to All the Incentive winners jetting off to Dubai this evening, have a brilliant time 
Why not start 2017 with a new challenge,we are recruiting for another new embroiderer,training given,so please make contact if ur keen 
Can't wait to play at 
Expectations tempered. There’s always tomorrow 
Been playing around with using 
Los Angeles: come by 
Final session with mums & a dad
I didn't really come up with a big hashtag campaign since it's not his style, but I think this week/weekend we should all use 
Definitely my favourite time so far! Graffiti workshop 
It's December 1st! Best wishes to 
You can find out more about the business support that is available by visiting 
Delighted he'll be reviewing the year that was with 
1 Bracelet = 1 pound of trash removed from the ocean. Start your week with a good deed 
End of a great trip to Australia - caught up and met some great people, & seen some fantastic places. Thanks 
Reading "The Hard Work of Health Care Transformation" by Richard Bohmer. Spot on 
Congratulations to our faculty & staff receiving 2017 Distinguished Achievement Awards for their service to 
Best of luck to fellow Surrey team, 
Teach teens to strive for what they want to do! 
Tell Sam and Dean it’s okay. I found him. 
When have u ever seen a band get to paint n sip in a big mansion w their fans? Such a blast
Closing date fast approaching everyone 
"Team London is the ultimate search tool for volunteering opportunities" 
OMG The best just got better you are amazing sir, Check this out 
Incredible celebrating my 30th bday with my mum at 
Sat 28th Oct fixtures:U12's travel to 
A massive good luck to  
Year 4 girls gorgeous odd socks 
 - opportunity to receive Coaching and have FUN playing Squash in Rhiwbina Squash Club - don’t miss this opportunity 
Decent trial session for England Unis South region today.... more court time and progress for me. 
Thank you for taking the time to chat to the girls after the game! Great role model for young girls to look up to 
My first time watching a full 
Good to  get support for us and other community projects from Cllrs Sue & Peter Evans at St John's Church Devizes Christmas tree displays. Amazing work by so many 
When we do take time out to check in....take these principles on board and journey ahead becomes far more interesting...excellent tweet Ray ! 
Congrats Elliott! You’ve got a fan in us!
I’m going to be walking 30miles in the bitter cold (most likely) uplands of 
 Y11 beat Droylsden 2-0 in the tameside cup with goals from Yousaf and Rushby(p). Denton Community College in the next round. Good team effort boys 
Wayne providing excellent product knowledge.  Thank you for the demonstration.
Had a cracking day catching up with people at the 
Thanks Webby for this little piece in 
Just finished reading book . Brilliant book it's a must read 
We’re back Oct 2nd with 
 thanku fr giving me some treatment this wknd stu. Also 
Happy to announce 3rd Schedule starts today
Great piece today in the excellent 
Yes that’s true we high fived and he assured me he was good to go 
 is back until 1pm today. 
We are ready for the first season of 
Great day @NCa Agcs Boot Camp. Thx Matt and Scot #
Another date in your diary for 2018, courtesy of 
Two thumbs way way up for chicken! 
It’s £5 go on just buy itRetweet please 
I lied about my age, I think I may have got away with it however I am not permitted to talk about it, but I don’t remember and if I do remember im sorry 
I cheered loud from 47th street! 
Wonderful game last night between 
Love this quote....for real. 
Stuart's journey using 
Start of Ipswich half marathon run number 18 
Morning Twitter! I have a lovely friend looking for a project manager position in games/ VR world! RT or let me know if anyone looking! 
Just Belfast, but would love to shoot it here 
Ready to charge across your screen, the noble OG Spirit Breaker by 
Not the result we wanted. Understeer the story today, but great season of 
Your welcome Jonny, super proud to play a part in your Championship!!
Not often you get a really awesome factory tour of a quality bed manufacturer. Lots of fun today and learned so much. Thanks 
It's going to be a great election cycle! 
** DO YOU KNOW THIS MAN ** - If so please call 101 and quote CRIME REF 4231345/17.. Can DM M&M here too on twitter if you prefer. Privacy will ALWAYS be respected 
Young people taking part in 
Like=3 likes first 3???<<3:﹡ — 
 :• Music Director 
Well done to all our swimmers who competed at 
Great Excitement around TURKEYs for all HD Associates Today!! Love me some Depot
ParamedicPhD has officially received over 50 doctoral entries! Keep up the great work everyone and keep spreading the word 
We win, we dance. 
Were here to watch a performance of the soundtrack to Dear Esther at the Town Hall in Birmingham 
She was gonna let her DOG decide whether or not she should keep dating the guy she's seeing...about to find out if it's a 
Giving the cars a quick clean last night. Thanks to 
Calling all artists and designers at UTS! Get your house gear designs submitted to prefects@utschools.ca by December 6 
Grt coffee & guiness choc cake 
A final wee picture before we call it a night...  one last “Congratulations” to all our 
Good one! Thanks. 
Great free event for students! 
Let’s get this into the Top 40 for Xmas, what a belter 
i've been training resnets on small images without augmentation. i get a validation loss of 24.6 on celeba downsampled 2x (109x89), but at 4x it's 25.2, and 6x (36x29) it's only 25.5. i'm surprised such low resolution still has decent performance. good for iterating quickly 
A welcomed addition to the Management Committee! Look forward to working with you Matt 
Really enjoying the day working with 
No probs mate. Hope he enjoys it. 
Thank you, happy you like it and hope you had fun? Come back soon 
Great to see!! 
1 of the best notes I’ve ever had from a director this morning while rehearsing 
Vernon Cresswell's great capture of a non-capture by a hungry croc, in 
Seen Seana after the full time whistle, picking up litter in the shed, well done her and the other volunteers 
 check it out not bad for our first website build (well Danielle's) really 
Thank you and good luck to all those people attending our volunteer recruitment sessions this weekend. We've been bowled over by how fantastic you all are 
 attendees my top two tips on social investment: it's another tool in your financial toolbox to create impact and checkout 
3-0 a true reflection of the game!!really enjoyed some great play
Good slushy days in France. 
Great to hear that second year 
The logo was a custom piece by the super talented 
Fingers crossed for 3 points. May may a 2nd half appearance 
Well, Lethbridge, right on, thanks 
Who cares, it's your channel. BTW you are the only YouTuber I know with some sense 
The boys dressed the window yesterday!  What do you think? 
Once again Carolyn launched Christmas for everyone who attended yesterday, brilliant day as always and 1000’s raised for 
Ah well,That's the end of a bloody good week!!Well played 
 men’s basketball win 82-19 against Guernsey Grammer School AND THEN travel to Gloucester to get a 83-46 win! Good day! 
Amazing experience this week at the Kia Korea Women's Open! Onto the Japan amateur which starts on Tuesday
Welcome back Broncos! Only three weeks remaining in the fall semester. Follow 
 This Sunday morning we say thank you to our 
Great presentation from Aran (SU Digital Media) and 
I need a teleportation device to take me Memphis, Tennessee on every Saturday to watch this show! Can anyone build one?  Don't worry I'll trust ya! 
Alison’s Dad giving her work the once over come and visit Dunbia at Hall 1 beside the cattle ring think she did a good job Dad 
Welcome to Twitter, Michael. You've been class so far! 
This will be me. Next year. Maybe. 
Multiple styles, one awesome price drop! Select 
Reminder... Craig's to watch Mrs Browns Boys tonight so there's no podcast tonight. We're back tomorrow though so its all good 
Perfect timing, the volleyball team, along with everyone else can watch our regional match in Carroll Stadium at 1. Then still have plenty of time to warm up! 
Me too can't wait to get back at it! I'm very good thank you hope you are too 
Coproduction of learning outcomes between HEI and Care setting should mean that leadership and supervision needs are adequately met within that setting 
 Another fantastically well organised event. Great session by George Watsons & great insight both inside & outside from Gregor Townsend. Well done to all involved.  
Here's a great rëlection idea: pass a deeply unpopular tax bill and hope no one's paying attention 
Looking good!! 
One of the great things about working at a campus on the waterfront, is that I get to do research like this 
No stone left unturned in support of 
Good morning Glasgow! Time to get the feathers on! 
Loved the weekends experience and played good at times 
Stayed there in August with my wife amazing place and the food is beautiful. 
When sending an email about Cards Against Humanity, it's very important to proofread before you offer to set a deck aside for a customer 
Can't wait! 
This is my new favourite thing on the internet 
Thanks to all the staff at Deramore Tyres, Camlough for supporting our Year 12 pupil Kieran McKernan 
Can anyone recommend a good digital agency? After a digital specialist who can help with strong strategic led creative. Thanks 
Final Round is here and Tee Times and groupings are out! First group starts 8:24 am and lead group Tee off at 10:25 
Setting up a new website for your business? Try the 
Wishing all the players good luck today at 
Superb earlier Si. Hope you enjoyed and catch you soon. Cameo 
Remember Pugwash are only doing the Irish dates on the tour. Our birdy comrades are doing the rest. 
Happy BDay to the Marine Corp
 Feel free to give joe a vote for this spectacular strike my fellow tweeters and GAA followers 
 A great conversation with Gary Oldman, Kristin Scott Thomas and director Joe Wright about 
33mm in sherwood central, Andrew, nice
 tickets in the bag for rum festival 
We'll send you some Poser Paste 
Benny & The Belly 
We are in full force volunteer mode for our First and Ten Tuesday visit at the 
Hey Wickr community, Wickr’s core crypto just went public on GitHub! A BIG thanks to Wickr Advisors
Lovely Morning run faster than normal due to the great track 
Had an absolute ball commentating 
Very busy weekend of championship action just passed. Fantastic coverage from games from 
Really enjoyed my first driving lesson. 
Forecasts may be for a grey week ahead, but there are no 
Another fun weekend on the road! 
Great memories from last year’s pantomime 
First girls cricket session with 
Now thats better than any Booker Prize 
The students were fantastic. Switched on, challenging and questioning. A credit to themselves and 
we're on the cover & inside the new issue of 
Thanks for all the messages, glad to have marked my 100th appearance for 
REU summer research program in Chemistry at Texas A&M University. Contact info: Marylin Warren at reu@chem.tamu.edu 
Proud of Dawid our Team Member of the Quarter. Have a great night celebrating tonight in London 
Cracking guest Chef night 
Top night with two top guys & great friends 
Just remembered I have photoshop on my computer! 
This video says it all. 
What an incredible week of filming with 
 list from P7 pupils about what leadership means to them! Now agreeing on leadership opportunities to put it into practice 
A very proud Gooner!! 
Good luck in your new job Jam. Go smash it. Will be tuned in here at 4pm. Looking forward to 
 Fab to meet your super 3rd years today with 
Hey everyone! Pls try to include Twitter handles for venues, performers, etc when u send us shows or tag them in pics. Boosts promotion 
Anybody who wants tickets you can get them off here thanks guys 
Thanks guys. We are delighted to win this year. Honoured to follow in your footsteps! 
Talking knee OA, Kinesiophobia &  
Check it out new font Rimbo!!! By 
I've just bought tickets to this.. who else is going?! Such a great way to raise money for an important cause 
We are sweeping up well done 
I really like the built in text reader, 'Read Out Loud' 
! (and wait times do fluctuate, TBH - but we try and answer ASAP.)
 Just ordered my Deluxe White Xmas collection - looks fab 
...you'll be spoilt by a smorgasbord of fabulousness! Speakers are:
Don't forget to pack a mid paddle snack 
Cannot believe I missed this - word on the floor it's a winner! 
And prob 15% or more in this room at the moment 
Our member Harjit from Indian Food Mart Dunedin, shares how they encourage the use of re-useable cloth bags 
It's been three years and counting! Very good time at Swansea 
And they play in Kazan first up, the Socceroos’ base camp for the tournament 
FBS today round 3 
You put a lot of thought into your Mother’s Day gift, why not take it from 
Let's go and do some bag packing to raise money for our summer tour next year.
Brilliant this year and Roll on 2018
With 3.5cr gross on day 1, 
SO GOOD. the video is incredible too. Amazing job all around 
Tough day at the office, faded in the last few laps, can't be too dissappinted. A few more days of antibiotics to go & time to get healthy 
It's just good to see Stifler working again 
The vast majority of bus journeys in the West Midlands are a safe and enjoyable experience, however, if you do experience problems text 83010 to my 
Everyone in Chicago who knows anything about music should go. I’ll see you when you’re ever in Portland, OR 
Congratulations to current World Rugby Women’s Player of the Year 
Come get some LOLZ in Camden!Thurs! 
So excited to announce this! And it’s soon! Visuals from 
You will do a great job Nico 
Excluding every other away trip, this is probably the best 
Good morning! Sunday is here and so are Will and Denny! We're happy to help answer your Flybe questions, so feel free to get in touch if you have a query or need some assistance. 
 serves some great vegan meals and it’s a lovely friendly cafe 
Palmer goes red, & 
It turns out, we are the only Division-I program with three players selected Academic All-District.
Congratulations to girls cross country runner Samhal Asfaw for advancing to the California State Championships. She races this Saturday at 10:35AM in Fresno. Good luck! 
Thanks to the one and only Clint Boon 
Lets get involved peeps 
Lots of people asking for Placebo. Never had them as feat. artist before 
Always great to get an accolade for one of our more interesting tyres. 
Just another random amazing 
 Hi Chris. Teddy & Rocy here. See you are 
Some usefull , and tasty goods in the 
Valencia opens the scoring at the Emirates! One free bet coming up Robbie 
Sometimes, it’s the little things! Thank you 
Ordered yesterday arrived today Great service 
Inspection of a recently repaired sink hole in Victoria Drive, Bognor Regis 
 for our Sheffield Weekender supporters: 
A very entertaining teaser team 
 next week the senior footballers from the Royal Air Force will visit Guernsey to take on the Guernsey FA any chance of a retweet 
Sorry, no coffee brewing today in shop, we're CLOSED, staff shortage...fountains of the hot stuff will be flowing again tomorrow!
 Pls RT Jennifer - Nominations for 
Thanks Rob, really enjoyed the evening, made all the better because of the interaction with the coaches that attended. 
Just started: last 7-day intensive training for 2017 for our 
Conceded 7 (seven) fewer than Saturday 
Go see these when you get the chance 
Grab a fresh hair cut and beard trim ready for 
Thanks to Bull's Gym in the WIN industrial estate for supporting Jack Mooney during his work placement 
Unless you relocate to Edinburgh! 
So C-TECC just got an email informing us that Spain has adopted TECC for every EMT in their country.Pretty cool 
Awesome teamwork - loved it too!! 
Great to meet and get pledges from Neil, Andrew and Kirsty from 
Not sure how helpful Sid and Lemmy are going to be in these assessments but they’re thinking positive thoughts. 
Excellent to see today's 
We always knew Lansdowne was the perfect place to retire. 
***Breaking News*** It's official
Great promo for the women’s football and the 
SDSH Criminal Justice students getting hands on experience in defensive driving tactics 
We're making gifs of astronomy data at 
Nice of Russia to invite Gary Lineker to host the World Cup draw, before their supporters batter the sh1te out of the English fans next summer. Also, Danny Minogue looks fab 
Well done guys! 
If you live near Poole, this will be a great event 
Good day at the 1 Div symposium.  
But if you're after something a bit smaller, our 6-packs are only a tenner 
Wee Cameron soaking up atmosphere & enjoying pipe band w dad 
Thrilled to support John Wells and Shonda Rhimes 
Huh! So, ten years ago I ordered this abomination from Hong Kong and ended up never needing it... Until now. Solved all my NES connectivity issues - perfect (deliciously retro) image with no perceptible input lag + sound. Great success! 
Honoring another set of students of the month! 
2013 Smoke Monster....Need we say more?! Episode with 
Shout-out to Maureen Ryles, who completed the 
This time 2 weeks ago!! Now I’m heading off for the 1st 
Here we go rugby league World Cup final , com on England 
Drinking great Tuscan wine out of magnums can only make your Saturday night better!! 
Awesome initiative. Big-time props to 
Big Sam leaves his calling card.Goodison approves 
Not got plans for tonight? Grab last minute tickets to Late Night soundsessions with 
Great video which explains what a vanguard is & lots of fun to film. Good job Harriet! 
Good Morning Scotland...!! First thing on the list today follow the “The Big Man” 
We're also showing the Occupation of the American Mind at the Carriageworks in Leeds for anyone unable to see the first viewing. It's narrated by the awesome 
 loving the new advert it’s the best of the season by a mile 
 thanks to Helipad Nordwest EDWE. 
To recap: Hammond: Excheqachuu, Boris: Gaffopod, Davis: The Brexitary, Rudd: Watchaback, Leadsom: Upshitcreek, Hunt: No One Like a Chu 
Out and about in the constituency delighted to meet Richard and hear about is amazing 5k race time 13 Min.45 Sec from 1974!!!! Absolutely superb proud of you.  I think I need to get some tips from you as I prepare for next years 
Best of luck buddy. Got my vote 
Since Cammy is injured I’m repicking my 
Emotional musical tale, presented well by 
I’m sure there are some excellent 
Huge thanks to our wonderful traders wearing pyjamas last Friday for Children In Need, they managed to raise a massive £844 well done to all involved and thanks to everyone who donated! 
Best party night of the year 
One of the hits of the recent IndieCork, spotted by 
Our main man Fredster making sure the court is in tip top condition for today’s game 
*NEW SHOW* JERRY WILLIAMS (
Thank you to everyone for all your support and kind words
We’ve just took a great 
Our award winning Dale is keeping you zapping today! 
Lots of fun and informative content on our Facebook page! Give us a “like” 
First session back after half term and some of the players are keen to show me new skills picked up 
Last day to enter to win the 
Nominate your charity of choice to win £1000  
Fantastic evening tonight at Medway Business Awards. GR8 to see so many business from Gillingham and Rainham do so well: Avocet Recruiting,Beeline Sameday, Howard Academy Trust.  Evening presented brilliantly as ever by 
Exclusive Pic Of Tarak 
I expect nothing less of him! 
U10s team may be looking for a game tomorrow if game gets cancelled got pitch booked or may travel get in touch if interested. 
The boys ... .... ... 
Without doubt a better side with him at full back 
Trucks r on the move this weekend & next! 1st one just arrived at 
I’ve worked VERY hard to get to the position I’ve got in this business! NOTHING was given! EVERYTHING was earned! That’s all I have to say 
$10 per month for 30 months donated to 
Legends, well done guys 
Apologies! S6 Yearbook Retakes - Mon 17/11 Period 3, 4 and Lunch in the Crush Hall. Attendance is mandatory or your most recent professional school photo will be used. 
A credit card for everyone who believes in equality, diversity and love? What a brilliant idea! We're delighted to see one of our members 
Well done team! 
COME ON THE BOYS!! 
FOOTBALL: Well done to Thomas Kavanagh making it through to the next phase of England trials next month at St George's Park 
Today is WINTER WELLNESS DAY! Join us at 42 Acres 
 what a great find! Delicious coffee and cakes. Nice atmosphere.
Lots of bookings to deliver grooming awareness sessions to boys. Great to be working with such proactive professionals in schools 
Very good speech mam
Once again thank you to the FA and Kevin Coleman 
David Moyes calls Toni Martinez up to first-team training 
Coming down for a gig this week? To ensure your night is as fun as possible please take care of valuables, especially mobile phones. Thanks! 
The demand on resource; dispatch and response alike within 10,000 calls dictates that each call from the public requires critical instant decision making re vulnerability and risk assessment. Reality of policing captured in this small snapshot in time.
Not yet, will let you know when they do 
Terrific lecture at Oxford this evening 
Which watch do you prefer for Christmas? Classic 
Anyone know anyone who makes super sick moving overlays? Tag em! 
Folk of St Helens. Fancy a few this weekend? Only one place to be 
3rd graders proudly focused and working hard on their very beginning 
So cute. Well done to all. 
Huge thanks to Bridge of Allan newbies 
Our year 7's can't get enough of the chilling saga of Darren Shan! Cirque De Freak & The Vampires Assistant are particular favourites! 
Yooooohooooooo!! We have 2 sweet Rugby Pod trucker caps to give away.Just give this week's Pod a RT to win 
Our young people have helped design an amazing new logo for us,  thanks to our friends 
One day soon maybe 
Corn Ui Mhuiri Result Roco 2.10 St. Flannans 1.11. Great performance lads
Lovely gesture by CM Sindh! Celebrating 
Just fyi I've seen a flier for 
100% - that’s how satisfied some of our design and humanities students are! Watch out video to check out those all-important National Student Survey stats 
Only a few more places left email seanpic@aol.com to secure yours today! Not to be missed. Thanks 
Somebody needs to clean the ice between skating sessions 
Amazing Craig. Appreciate you sharing your artistry. Harvey's kindness & strength come through. You're very gifted.
 so proud of you just killin' it this morning!!! & looking gorgeous as usual! 
Wow! Such creative learning log homework
It's a full house at tonight's healthcare 
Absolutely well said sister 
At Soft opening Lightfoot&Wolfville Winery 
  - Happy St Andrews Day!
Why running could be the natural step to recovery for those suffering from depression
Great to kick the season off with a win. Great shift from the boys.Thanks to everyone who came to support 
I like this wine cellar and could spend the night in to discover!  
Great 0-0 result for KSports away v Punjab today 
One of our Apprentices, Emily Harry, has just been awarded her Edexcel Apprenticeship in Marketing level 3. She found out today that she passed with a ridiculously impressive 100%! 
New profile name. First day today, really enjoyed it and very busy. Made to feel welcome by all at Heavitree Road
Enjoyed the match and atmosphere today,crowd were brilliant,thank you 
HS STUCO at District Meetings today!  
Great first day in Comms, demanding role with great staff at the helm 
The Sainsbury's Christmas ad...check it out 
Thanks guys!!! 
And Anna did her own STUNTS. 
Our old tennis courts have been cleared another step closer to our 3G all weather playing area 
The best pal! 
Pleasure to meet you Lauren - what great work you and your team have been doing! Hope the Hub meeting went well 
No worries at all - great to see so many people RTing to help others 
 Please read this. Charity single in aid of 
Well done! Just hit your target!!! 
‘Mogress’ report: Check out some of our team’s latest & greatest moustache styles! They’ve raised $15,186 so far this 
Sharing tweeting tips today with young entrepreneurs 
Pleasure to be the cover of classical music magazine , Ontomo
Thanks a million everyone for the nice tweets and massages great day 
 great result today, players now playing with belief, confidence and more character with every game ... 
We are extremely proud to announce this partnership with 
The boys are ready for tomorrow match against @minervapunjabfc 
A wave, hug & dance... 
What's your favourite track from Protocol Lab pt. 2? 
Life always presents us with a choice so choose wisely. 
Thanks to the incredible, generous support of 
 good luck lads, safe trip to Dubai 7s. Thank you for the support of 
Great day jeeping with my wife and daughters 
I just want a sprayground Christmas
We're hiring a Community Manager! Join us at 
Spesial one ....
 I'm on my way from Ireland with Donagh Kelly's 6R4. See ya in 4 days
Stunning! Thanks for sharing Nigel 
What a way to end the season! Mammoth ride from 
Sounds like everything I want in a project 
Great day of History lectures  
I’ve been in the bath for ages and 
Well I’ve jump out of a fully functioning aeroplane. Unfortunately for you guys. Im still alive. 
 in math-tally mark graphs of our favorite emojis! 
Missed any of our in-game features this past season? We've got you covered 
Hope your students had a great visit to parliament today, 
Thank you to Bowden Hall for the amazing room tonight. 
The bounce lives on and it's a thumbs up from 
Interesting reading....good to see 
Small incremental changes in behaviour that multiplied up make a big difference in the organisation. Well done all 
Well read, well timed, well dressed. What are your weekday essentials? 
Great job Philippa. Enjoyed listening to your views 
Some more lit research but with some familiar names 
Great Karate Fun session at the Kids Holiday Club (ASN) at the Palace of Art.  The kids were brilliant 
Thank you to Mrs Williams and the staff of 
If you want your component attributes to auto-wrap and align on the next line in 
Post a free job ad on our job board now and we might mention your startup in our 'Jobs of the Week' article in 3 hours. 
A huge well done to the staff at 
 RepostBy @sitpangpondam: "Congrats to @hawaiian_punch_155 on the 1st round finish... Wrapped hands for 4 fighters tonight at Rubicon XI in Colorado Springs, 2 wins 2 not... Proud of all of them!!" (via 
I haven’t had a car for last six months and it’s been great
BIG THANKS to all the volunteers today standing out in the cold 
Cricket: Australia’s favourite sport, and a sport for all Australians 
Would love to hear your voice again, Tom 
We shall have members of our student team leading the session! We can't wait! 
Our MSK team study day 
Kratom is my new best friend. 
Senior Wildcat legend worn socks - very good condition! Just £9 per set! 
Tomorrow we host the area event for the 
Thank you to our mascots for today's game at home v 
Well done to Wade Prinsloo on the win at Gauteng Champs
Well done CarFesters! It was great to be part of it-you rocked
Our colleague Andy shares key interview skills at the 
DESIGN REVIEW: Looks like most of you are loving the new 
Stream will be a little delayed as I'm writing up the Facebook post now.I'll keep you all updated on twitter 
Very impressed with our venue for the day 
Glad you liked it! Thank you! 
Thank you Might Studios for your support here, means a lot
Just arriving in London sunny day
I tried to help with the metal cutters!! Lol 
Proud to be apart of this amazing stream team! Go check out everyone on here they are awesome sauce! 
 produces a pearler on Tumultuous $11 to close off my Friday then starts my Saturday with a win on Pretty Fast $6. Confidence. 
I like this bridge better than the chorus. 
Happy Birthday Franck, have a good one 
We use this platform too - went down a storm to engage staff at a recent event 
When you hear that 18-time Italian champions 
This guy posts the shutout and the team's winning streak is extended to nine games! Thumbs up indeed! 
People of tellins, get leathered for a good cause this weekend with 
Great seeing you that night pal. Can't believe they let you in 
Elaine Edge wins the Chairman’s  
Hurrah! Thanks to anyone who voted for my picture! 
It was not so easy to coordinate a simultaneous rollout across all apps — make that incredible effort worthwhile by turning on 2FA today! 
Promoting Mouth Care Matters 
Well done to all those involved in this successful 
Ideal book for NQTs, distils important things into simple, easy to understand & add too graphics 
I've said it before, but I'll say it again! Don't Say It Bring It truly is the Best Thing on Tv right now!! Bar None! 
Great start with a 8-1 win against Team Schöpp. Up against Sigfridsson tomorrow morning 
New coauthored paper out constraining the surface mass balance of Larsen C Ice Shelf using a bunch of field data 
What a night for a great Galway supporter! That face when he is told he gets to train with all Ireland Champions True Heroes
Twitter Giveaway #1: Brand new Google Home Mini! Follow 
EDUCATION | Bavery & confidence on the ball, along with the importance of communication & creating angles to help your team mates tonight with 
Genius... Vw & Porsche peeps will get it 
Starting the day right with 60 hour hickory/cherry smoked back and streaky bacon 
Well done Australia. 
Great American Teach-in - HUGE success! Thanks Mrs. Soltis -amazing job
Pleasure. Great to have you on board 
Tonight's the night! 
Hey!I have updated my profile. PLUS check out my link to my new blog post 
Who's up for watching my appearance on the 
Well done nursing friends, it’s no accident that we are the most trusted profession - day in day out I see expert, highly skilled and incredible nurses delivering nursing practice 
Painting & Decorating students were at the 
Feedback from my talk today '...raving about a lecture they'd been to at the 
We're aware of some Snatch troubles today. Our tech team are working on a fix as we speak so hold tight and things should be back to normal v.soon. 
Just a seed of an idea. Development partnerships and collaborations welcome. 
I can and do highly recommend this immersive drama/art. You will not regret doing it 
We've got all the gardening sundries 
Just been interviewed about British Asians & football for BBC Look North 
Thank you very much for great hospitality, one of the toughest opponents we have come across this season, you have a very good young squad and good luck for the rest of the season 
Great to see Eddie.O out there tonight! Love this guy
Practice round with legends @valderramamasters 
I'm with you, bringing the green to wales 
We loved having you all here! Brilliant team on site today  
I’m sure the night was a huge success. 
I got to paint for the first time this summer and it felt so good! Feelin like the normal saige 
Congratulations to Leo! Now it is real!!! 
Our Special Offer page has had a little update! Lots of great new 
Trenching areas before a course gets to wet 
Wanted Male who I know actually follows us on this page through a made up account...Firstly, hello 
Thanks to all for the support over the weekend. Very humbling and very much appreciated after what has been a very tough year. Good luck to 
BBQ118/17: Venison Medallions - New blog post now up: 
Celebrating Remembrance Day with Ss, staff and parents 
Cool Captain Climate cheers on everyone that walks, rolls or buses to school 
Gutted. But also know it’s right for the team. Fresh ideas & fresh motivation needed in the changing room. Great work for us to secure Nigel Brims so quick.Managed some brilliant & loyal players from 2000-2018. Thanks for all the effort lads 
Congratulations to everyone who managed to bag one of the limited edition IDIOTS prints in the last couple of days 
We on!!! 
Calling potential PCSOs of the future - join 
There was a lovely atmosphere & fantastic skills on show at our U10 C Netball tournament this afternoon! Thank you to all schools for attending. 
Thanks to all the youths from Lusk/Skerries/Donabate/Balbriggan for supporting 
Sorry to report we are seeing some delays between Leeds and Manchester due to an accident and  lane closures on the M62. Thanks for bearing with us, we are getting back on time 
You will be a FAB ambassador Janet
Not the way I was hoping to start my day. Car turned in front of me while out training. I’m in A&E but I’m ok
Good luck to the Netball 1sts team travelling to Hereford in the CAT 1 league! Safe trip guys 
An immediate new entry on 
I loved this group's placards in the Kendrapada procession today. You can read the one at the back in English, advocating environmental & animal rights issues; the Odia one in front asks for trees to be planted in honour of Prophet Muhammad on his birth anniversary today..
Cannot wait for the new album, for the collection! See you guys in Feb next year 
Thanks for the game and safe journey home 
Lovely stuff Tom! 
Thanks for coming yesterday Stan , and for vid.. they're very useful 
Well done! Amazing! 
Please take a moment to vote for 
Young people in Spain working on our future. 
Lovely evening@VineMiddlesbro great seafood menu, live Saxophonist, amazing decor and fab company of 
Anyone else relate to this? Grow your 
Sunday lunch sorted?  Why not put your feet up and pop on any of our episodes 1-19?  Or maybe you fancy listening again before we hit the big EP20 on Thursday? Either way, enjoy your Sunday 
Wow, 25 years in Canada & this is the 1st time we’ve seen an all woman 
 Well Done you Shire Boys all the way from freezing Devon
Loved it Jake thank you & Costa Rica loved it too 
One of our favorite game day traditions: Reading with the Matadors. Today we are 
Quality night at the Castle Tavern in Sheerness 
Best of luck mate with your future endeavours, Battlefield Hardline is one of my favourite shooters of all time, thnk you for your service 
We’re hosting a Portfolio Surgery Taster Day - get feedback from our staff on your portfolio and take a campus tour 
It's that time of year when we Drama teachers and techies are working 14 hour days. Please send love, chocolate and excuse our mad behaviour 
For the attention of all parents, carers and educators. More ASN information to follow, please retweet! 
Here is why absolutes and dogma are more dangerous than you think. BIG PICTURE clinical reasoning everything matters stop throwing good out with bad. Basic concept matter. Obvious is obvious, when nothing is obvious then the other stuff matters 
Come meet Jason Momoa at 
Proud of our performance tonight. Big displays all over the pitch. A good point and looking forward to playing them at Wembley. 
Thumbs up if you enjoyed the win last night! 
There are so many great causes in the community, and we want them to benefit from our community fund... Apply for the next round from today
 Titans Unite for Native American Heritage Month 
Yes and if you venture up the street for a 5 min walk to the "dark side" towards the cooling towers where no man has ventured before its actually quite nice too! 
Cheers for the signed copy of “Into the Woods” 
WRHS wins the Derby tourney defeating Newton in 3 sets in the final! (25-23,17-25,25-12) way to go ! 
I’ll be taking part in the 
A very Happy B'day to you Sir 
That’s good, all doing well, good to hear, I’m ok Karl, thanks 
Congrats again, Gary! Enjoy your new toy 
After the networth indicator, another feature of our layerth ingame suite has made it's way into the game for everyone to enjoy 
Photo of the day & final tweet of the night, until tomorrow 
Coming soon - don't be asking for a save yet though!! 
New rule:Anyone who utters the phrase "Don't worry, it gets easier" in relation to parenting should be catapulted into the sea. 
Check out St John’s Catholic Primary School from 
Grind for Life Community Night at Cocoa Beach skate park Wednesday Nights from 7pm to 9pm 
First XC for Stocksfield Striders today at Cramlington. Good Luck 
Big win followed by a great day at the capital pride parade 2day! Proud to be in such a supportive and diverse city!
Busy few days! Confirming ID of a number of cars / bikes seized, then onto assisting 
The Waltzin Giant (@the_waltzin_giant) | Instagram photos and videos 
 u need u own current affairs show, I remember it doc on homophobia in football, I'm sure ur uncle would have been proud
Thanks to our fantastic staff who have stayed behind tonight to make school look festive as a surprise for the children tomorrow. Also thanks to our great cook for making us a delicious hot pot 
This Memorial Weekend, Humble House is offering 10% off any retail purchase when you like 
Welcome guys! We CANNOT WAIT for the EP 
And here I thought she was pit reporting. Silly me
Official opening of new sports facilities at Harvey Grammar School 
So attractive!!
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Clearwater Bay Open. It was a great atmosphere & we look forward to seeing everyone next year! 
I'll upload the vid later on our YouTube channel 
With our Butter Pies & Lullaby’s gig around the corner......it would be rude not to! 
We were lucky enough to have them sing their amazing Christmas song in the 
On fire since joining mate, keep it going tomorrow 
Every year, I sow my parsnips in toilet roll tubes in the greenhouse. Almost guaranteed germination. Harden off and plant whole tube out. My parsnips have never failed in 10 years! 
Second Actions completed. 
 played a fucking amazing show at the fillmore last night 
My first attendance to a high school football game
I got selected!
 That blue on the After Show The GODS Are Standing 
Super excited to start reading this from 
Hey guys, if you're into welding, check out this magazine! Available online and in print. Check 'em out
Delighted to be part of this fantastic  story 
Edinburgh Kiltwalkers! Please make sure you have your offline fundraising submitted to the Kiltwalk by tomorrow in order for your charity to receive a massive 40% boost. Thank you! 
Lovely singing coming from the Main Hall! Staff at the Issue Desk approve
Good luck to our last remaining side 
 Happy Birthday la have a great day see you later mate 
Come and see us today
So good to hear! 
Port Eynon Boat club presenting a cheque to 
Spotted in Carnew today. It'll never get old. 
Congrats to Four Marks and Medstead Rotary winning Small Team Award at the EHDC volunteer awards,  
 3.25/5 What a refreshing film with 3 beautifully designed characters. Sri Vishnu n Nivetha were too good. My favourite though was 
Congratulations to Gabi Bickel (BLRC) and Teresa Taylor (VCRC) 3rd SrMasterW2x 
Hey guy I'm DragonGFX (obviously) and I'm a designer here's some of my workIf you want to purchse any of the my work make sure to dm me 
The school is closed for lessons this week as we redecorate, looking forward to it!!! 
 was an honour to watch you and your wonderful family become a unit again all thanks to 
Two titles for Blackburn would be great. We are a plucky town with a winning spirit. We will be cheering Grace on and the Rovers on Sunday 
Cheers Craig - hope all's well with you
If our lovely followers could click on this link 
Lotte Vermeij in action. An excellent brief about practical POC. Well done
Congratulations to Team Brayden Stewart, Team Brett Behm & Team Shawn Vereschagin as they picked up one of four spots available this weekend, into the 
Proud that we a part of your very impressive collection Bruce
Screening of short comedy film 'Smear' 
Thanks for the world-class maternity care this week 
Thank you for all your support I'll get back to you all in time 
Early day... feelsgoodman! Ready to continue the grind and keep pushing for the top! You get out what you put in! 
Holy Moly!  We just won Richmond BC New Business of the Year 
Well worth subscribing if you are a keen amateur golfer. Great supporters of our Links Golf Cup Par 3 Challenges 
4-4 Draw against Bromford yesterday. Great battling by the lads . . 
She is safe from violence - thanks to 
Congrats on the win buddy. Bloody awesome !!!!!!!!!! 
This is such a brilliant idea! 
A well planned and fair debate taking place in P5a today. The motion was "should primary children be allowed to walk to school alone". Strong points were clearly made from both the "yes" and "no" sides. Well done 
Thanks Sarah , hopefully see you tomorrow ! 
Fantastic, well done Alec
Good luck to RDS 3/17. Apologies that I couldn't be there. Well done to all of you for the hard work and commitment. 
Ex Forces breakfast, please join us Monday 12th June! LSV stadium 10.30-12.30 2nd Monday every month. Butty, brew and a chat. 
Inspirational stuff!!
46' / We're back underway for the second stanza with Nikki Stanton making her return to the field in place of Bolger. Great to see Nikki back out there 
Here are a few more of our newly named gritting fleet. Great to speak to 
The purple army are amazing 
Great win last night exciting few weeks to come in the 
Looking to expand your company into Cornwall? It's time to get inspired by the success stories from some of our talented ambassadors! 
Agree buddy. He was brilliant 
What a way to start Down Under!Congratulations 
Another top business lunch by 
Some great stats when looking through 
Breakfast with the legend! Great player great coach and a greater bloke 
Tried something different with our set up this 
Seeing a lot of comments today about the 
Solid monday morning out the way!! The Flu is finally disappearing! Thanks for the help @fin_till 
Sounds like the perfect excuse for a coffee. 
It’s Feckin raining in Dublin. Perfect time to have a Feckin Gin, Feckin vodka or a Feckin Whiskey.Tastes 
 Great way to spend a Sunday afternoon, reading 
 Please help bring awareness, 
So close to a Nuke..game ended #21-0 
at least got admission back. Wasted money on rest. Thankfully 
Pleased with last nights result, neither of us played brilliant, but always happy with a win.... back tonight 
Preview of the future look and feel of the 
Here's the list of our of our Top 9 Best Buys this week! 
Nice way to end the year yesterday with 3 points and nice to get on the scoresheet
Kymin Financial Planners have once again decided to support the mile 12 water station at the 
I will certainly be coming back then 
Game this Sunday has been postponed so it’s a team outing for Sunday lunch 
A Fun day out..so get your arses down there.!!
Great performance from the lads today 
Well I'm 34 & I booked a ticket for a promotion that I had never heard of before purely because I saw that you were on the card, so you must be doing something right! Keep up the great work 
tremendous listen, Powerful 
New single "I Just Wanna Dance" from 
Well done Dean,great tips
RETWEET THIS for a chance to win these custom baseball spikes from Trevor Story.
SIGNED: We are delighted to announce the signing of Ryan Higgins! 
 spreading the importance of staying active & the benefits of sport TX 
At the same time i would like to Thanks my Teammates , Staff and the Fans of Coventry Blaze for the Season 
Well done to you Si. Being nominated by, and voted by 
A big THANK YOU to the wonderful 
Happy Friday!! Safe travels! 
Bacon batch #3 also includes 
Just had a lovely chat with my agent, Katy at 
On a night of increasing political bolloxology, 
I will be supporting David...
A pleasure to raise money for the 
Thanks for the kind words,Jon and for all the support from the academy.Great set up and destined for good things
Ready to my first FormulaE race tomorrow! so proud to be here and thanks to @andrettiautosport 
Great video, thank you 
Tickets arrived for my fight 10th December! Great for a xmas night out £60 or £95 
Keepin' it between the lines, all the way to TEXAS. 
I am amazed by the beer culture in 
Mountain biking this evening? If so, well done you as the weather’s improved and looks brill; chilly, dry, autumnal 
Looking forward to our game Sunday vs 
Good to see Qradio Ibe wearing one of our exclusive Cuba shirts
NA Regional Finals today. Let's go 
So now we can boast having an audiologist of the year amongst our ranks!! Well deserved 
Great to have you with us for the next couple of years mate!
Grab a last minute ticket to tonight's game and support a great cause! 
Only chance I get to have a lie in and it never happens
SO PROUD OF Dust! He has been, is now, and ALWAYS will be 
It’s been a great day at the 
I don't believe it lord sugar fired my favorite Candidate 
And he opened the gate for me last night, saving me a long walk! 
Let's celebrate! 
Thank you very much for having me. Really interesting to watch the guys and I enjoyed getting in the chair and taking it for a spin. 
Will take you 30 seconds 
Looking forward to this new challenge and continuing to work with our team of Youth Ambassadors. 
Chris and I really enjoyed filming this special feature at Golden Gloves Gym in Liverpool check it out 
You've all seen UEFA's Team of the Century ...But here's how we think it should have looked 
If we’re doing emoji whip counts for tax ....McCain — 
Found the picture! Can’t wait for the 2017 picture update! 
Looking great! Keep up the good work, team
Great competition championing our independent community here in Richmond... vote for us as best 
 12th hole, railway line gives it away 
Qualy - P11. Final race tomorrow 
Well that was rubbish tonight  !  Wasn't even close, sorry folks. I'll try again tomorrow 
14 years showing you the very best of sport.Thanks for your role in our success 
Oslo. A bit snowy. We're on at Ingensteds tonight - tickets still available. Doors 8pm, us 9pm 
Parks, subway, clubs + corners. Carrie Boretz's 
Great hockey from our Minor and Senior teams today in the Northside League...1-1 draw for our Minors and 3-0 win for our Seniors! What a start to the competition!!
Ippolito Produce Say "YES" to join Teamsters Local 419, Welcome to the Teamsters!!!
A great win by us today. Very clinical performance. Plenty more cricket to be played still. Well played 
better place than the fav 2 - geez had to work for that one... 
 makes its own coffee and has pretty speedy WiFi. It’s between the Media Museum and The Alhambra overlooking City Park 
Thanks for all the support and messages over the last couple days much appreciated. Best of luck to the 
Back at Antonine Primary for the latest Active Schools session.  The kids had their first try at sparring.  Well done
College No 1 Dominic Coulson plays 1987 Foster Cup Winner & former World Doubles Champion Guy Barker (B3 1983-88) at 7pm tonight on Court 1 
Enjoying cappuccino, breakfast, and conversation! 
Going travelling? Need support? Need a symptoms diary?Have a look here for extra information 
Over 100 people registered for our closing event, 2 months today
   Phase 3 of Edinburgh 20mph rolled out and already updated in Waze  
England Hockey is delighted to announce that we have TWO exciting opportunities to join our Sales & Marketing team 
Had the extreme good fortune to do a mental health & suicide prevention talk in the Wheatbelt shire of Mingenew on Friday night ... a community of 500 raised $86,000 through Movember for men’s mental health ... outstanding & inspiring people 
I was there for a catered reception and it was fantastic. 
Day 5 of 12 Days Of Giving is here - and today we’re featuring 
"Decision-makers are rarely interested solely in whether an intervention works or not, but also want to know why it works or doesn't, and under what conditions." 
Packed house last night at 
One of the best I’ve seen that one, 
Excited to get an ocean update where the manta rays are in the sky though 
Time for a Q&A session with Mark from 
Never seen any dumbfuck get dragged so hard for a single Tweet. 
Just exactly how many miles did the 
Bad day for both sides. Firsts went down 4-0 to 
More inspiring stuff from another local grassroots club. Well done guys
Wow!! Huge congratulations to 
PLS RT iTunes link to my free, new 15 part 
@McSkegg Thanks! 
Always great interviewing Benni, and Matty Hall back on the camera 
What a wonderful and powerful day surrounded by great people driving for improvement for all 
Looking forward to a sunny bank holiday weekend......Fancy a drink? Going to a party? Need a taxi? Ring Boro....pre booking advised 
ooo - look forward to listening to this! 
Here he is... our amazing Group Development Food Director 
We think you've found the right colours Todd! 
Come hang out and help this amazing woman hit 500 Follows on Mixer! 
It's the ever so lurvely 
October has proven to be a brilliant month for the swifts...4 games...4 wins...22 goals scored 3 goals conceded, same again next month 
At the end of a fab 2 day workshop with 38 female coaches, there had to be cake.........
Thank you to anyone who voted or thought me worthy. 
That's me registered and going back to 
 ‘s conclusions on the data from this feasibility study 
Don't forget! The 
Great guy! top pro! wish you the best with your recovery bro, great to see u johnterry.26 
...my new home event!
Tickets selling well, don't rely on paying on the door - secure your entry with a ticket from one of the pubs tagged below 
Some great pork bellies from 
Happy St Andrew's Day! Testing the pupils knowledge about St Andrew in Personal Support today
Great equipment guys! 
Cannot wait for the World Championship the draw has been done and I'll play the winner of Oreshkin/Munch in the 1st round. I'm practicing hard and I'm more then ready 
Really glad to see that Symfony4 is ditching bundles for application logic 
Congratulations and well done Connor 
Reason #2 I am never gonna finish this game, I just go for rides on my camels. My viewers have named the one on the left, Humpy. 
Great to see it up and running. 
We're only moving across the street, so if you're in the area feel free to come and see us in our new top floor offices! 
Good luck to our Under-13 Futsal team who are playing in their first tournament today at Winston Churchill School 
good work lads. Some going that 
We're at the Massachusetts STEM Summit today! Stop by Table 18 to talk with Mark and Amy about 
Great eve in Derby last night,thanks to 
Rock’n’roll directly on stage! By 
"That's a bad word." 
BREXIT ELECTION EU TAX CHRISTMAS! EUROVISION MONEY BANKS DEBT MORTGAGE PENSIONS... GUNS FREXIT SPEXIT WAR BOMBS DICKHEADS AND ARSE-HOLES. 
My pleasure Simon! Appreciate you my man! You’ll find literally HUNDREDS OF HOURS of both 
Join us for a webinar Tuesday with our friends at 
 Looking 4ward 2 raising awareness at 
Thanks for having us! StreetGames' staff were delighted to attend. 
We gave them a shirt worn by an 
start by growing your hair long like it used to be would be 
Getting stronger everyday! Mentally physically and emotionally!! 
We play tomorrow about an hour from Oslo. Very welcome 
Between the balmy 65 degree weather, gorgeous architecture, and hundreds of librarians, it looks like our Executive Director Rob Ross is enjoying 
Meet Trevon Grassham...future 
Wow! Well done Angel 
We took our campaigners to help 
Great way to sign off the season 
See what we achieved with you. THANK YOU 
Over 300 Y3's & 4's expected 
Women's rugby team working on their footwork in training with 
NodeJS=incredible, light&extensibleI'm thankful 
Last month was best traffic in USgamer history 
Stay safe out there over the weekend... 
Our exclusive interview with UK based producer 
This past weekend, Origins in Brampton opened to great success 
About 4 hours late but been grafting
Please consider supporting this vitally important annual 
Yes - getting an event organised for some of our member societies can be a minefield. Less hoops to jump through and better guidance on what the law really is in this area please 
 loving your Anjunabeats Worldwide Set mate
2 days until we play at Soup Kitchen!! Really psyched for this one 
Our filtering is taking care of all the DDoS traffic and all our services are up and running. Please follow 
20 years ago today since this was released 
One of finest series of india far now !!! 
Year 2 poster hanging complete! Thanks to all the students for all the great work 
Nice to see drivers taking it wide and slow around livestock. 
All smiles at the Koorie Women's Football Carnival today. Good luck to all 8 teams involved 
Your Perfect Podcast Playtime? We wonder: 
Wow! Diolch/ Thank You all for subjecting yourselves to that!We will contact 
My thoughts are with my long time pal 
Trying out some new editing using one of my favourite prints. Dragon egg container found on thingiverse printed in 
get ready - advice + insights from  
Congratulations to this year’s winners. Always enjoy judging the creative thinking and fresh ideas using technology and connectivity to enhance the experience of F1 
Glad you enjoyed it & TY for the kind words. Hope you'll come back soon 
We enjoyed creating, producing & event managing @strandshopping 
The Tennis Foundation received ministerial praise last week for the impact we have had on the lives of disabled people! 
Class to be back on sire today, glad to say he's a1  
I Will be listening! Hopefully I wont be disturbed! ! love 
Toys for everyone! Thanks  Babylist for helping us get a head start on our christmas shopping! 
Hottest studio eva! Amazing work team 
Our ex-midfielder of NEROCA FC Malemnganba Meitei wish the team ahead of the debut at I-League 
Old meets new! The Milestar Tires Jeep is on point. Those orange beadlocks = 
Agh - and he shared his champagne with us after! Well done 
8 tables gone already! You best get yours now! 
 P5's loving their bowls lunchtime club with Polmaise Bowling Club ! 
This is very true. It isn't even a guilty pleasure because I feel no guilt at all. I love 
Unfortunately this is so true .They have nothing constructive to say 
Happy birthday to our Secretary Bob Hill, 60 today. Hope the holiday going well. 
I'll also add that I started playing it at the start of October, I didn't just jump on the game today or anything 
Hard to miss our recent work over at Blundells Corner... Thanks again for having us 
Who wouldn’t want to live in Newcastle!!! 
Thanks to the students of Colaiste Na Mi in Johnstown for their warm welcome when I visited to discuss politics & answer a range of questions  from them. Great debate & a special thank you for the handmade card & chocolates 
Now there's an idea we could all get behind... 
Brilliant television with hosts who understand the balance between serious news and levity. 
We raised over $500!  
No problem am well thank you in India at the moment working for Chennaiyin fc as assistant coach to John Gregory in the Hero Indian Super League and embracing every day 
Looking cool in Action brother 
Are you looking for affordable gym membership in Shrewsbury? Our fitness suite offers great prices: 
Hay kids this is what hi-tech looked like when I was a nipper. It's called a WALKMAN. For tapes! Are Sanyo even still in business? It had AUTO REVERSE! How cool is that?!  
 : One of the Best Cop movies in Tamil Cinema.. 
Cheers - love your work 
Good morning! Welcome to Monday. Buses & Drivers leaving the depot on time - ready to serve you all day, everyday this week 
dog saves woman from getting robbed
Looking forward to learning lots of new things at this evenings 
Just great following some of your stories & pics on here Mike; I cant help but think of the win-win and so many +++++ even a career pathway
Congratulations Derek what a fantastic achievement 
Results from Spen XC on Sunday. Fantastic running guys! 
After all the studies tendons need tension load, muscles need to contract, brains and nervous system need stimulating , joints need moving 
It’s such a super story Duncan - I’m sure you will read it again again! 
Delighted to formally open new, smart 
Most enjoyable show on Sunday well done RUK
People often ask me: how are you going to change the incentive structures in academia to favour open practices? This is how 
And, just a reminder, it was you who said he was out of touch... 
Seeing all them smiley faces enjoying themselves on brid beach brightens up anyone's day. 
We're asking ECEC services and their families to support Project Rudolph this Christmas! A gold coin donation can go a long way to help those doing it tough during this festive season. 
FINALLY!!!A definition of design I 110% agree with! Found in "The modern web design process" article by 
 | "Shola and Steady were unbelievable today."
Well done all, I just listened to the piece on the i player! fantastic work and you should all be very proud of your achievements 
Celebrate non-fiction books for children this November by entering our brilliant book bundle competition for 
Awesome work everyone! Hope you all enjoyed 
Our team making calls for 
Brilliant halloween party, raised some money for a local cause and had a blast.  Big 
Yes, good luck Kevin from all at 
When the game’s on the line, and the puck hits the twine, that’s Fiore 
As role models go, there are few better than 
Annual pilgrimage more like. Why would you not go? Great weather after a long UK winter, reasonable prices for everything in this part of Spain and awesome racing

Enjoy your retirement big man, a new era and a new chapter awaits you, it’s not the end it’s the beginning. A pleasure to play against and work with 
Nice one, another Ulsterman in the WSB paddock can only be a good thing, good luck to the lad 
This is a great opportunity for a young lawyer to show their chops - Come on, you can do it! 
A great rod that is guaranteed for life.... no questions asked!  You’ve got Dunamis and it’s owner watching your back, for life! A great feeling after a great investment! 
Great page 3 coverage in the 
Don’t you worry, Klaus. With Channing on the show I doubt I’ll be saying more than around 18 words. Enjoy the rugby league 
31000 members involved in testing, 69% of activities changed due to member feedback, have your say with our survey of new programme taster packs! 
First time here and won't be the last!! So tasty and great atmoshere! 
MES...Inspiring the champion within our parents
Good news for some council tenants in Weoley, during Nov 33 tenants will have new windows, 19 will have a new roof and 14 new doors
....(2/2)....the fact 
Another hard fought win, well done team. 
Rowan is consoling Dillon and Teagan because they’re crying... my heart just melted. He’s got this big brother thing down pat! Proud mom over here!! 
 many thanks for having us this week, the green staff done a fantastic job to get us playing never mind finish. Hats off 
How will we be celebrating it? Plodding round Dorney Lake and cheering 
'For 5th year running, all coaches applied from 
 Thumbs up from Craven Wanderers under 8’s 
One hell of a shift from everyone 
 we'll listen to this on our last hour drive into TD PLACE!  Scouting next week's opposition.  
Wow. A brilliant line up of £1 books! All info is on our website & a big thanks to 
Are you looking to expand your business premises and staff? You need to review your Fire Risk Assessment 
Quick clip of one the falcons taking the lure from the quadcopter 
We are looking for a chef to join the team at 64° Send cvs to info@64degrees.co.uk Please RT 
3 weeks today and 9 of our supporters will be doing a sponsored abseil off 150ft Crane. If you haven't sponsored us, please do.
Our year 4 boys super socks 
Great looking team! 
When someone asks if you're ready for the next serving. 
Fantastic devising workshops for Year 13 from Ollie Smith 
Thanks for your kind words, Sammy. Hope your poorly baby gets better soon. Best wishes 
Tom Grennan, Found What I’ve Been Looking For.    
Quick video of some prints in the amazing 
Why I don’t do ‘fast food’Get to 
Stuart the bear joined us at Drummore School today for the Active Schools session.  He loved meeting the kids
Congratulations to all involved well done 
The new showroom work shop and cafe will be open in around 4 weeks time pop over and check it out 
Happy ga direct remote lo buttons, YouTube and Netflix.. 
Just adored it. A wonderful piece of writing
The ETS2 1.30 Update Open Beta is here! And it contains a lot of really interesting additions! 
Absolutely immense work organising xmas this morning, well done all
PSA: an edm producer who hears a rap song and says that the vocals "ruined the beat" is probably just racist 
 what a find this band are. New album and the union are brilliant. Can’t make that free London gig in December. Let’s hope they come back to the UK in 2018 
Training tonight. 6.45 at Abercarn Welfare. Everyone welcome 
One of our favourites Roisin Lafferty from 
Which room did they play? Exit Crisis is a ton of fun, we definitely agree 
Thanks for the heads up! Just did it! Thanks! 
First 11 of today match against Minerva Punjab FC 
A massive thank you to these guys for raising a whopping £202 for Fix the Fells - great work 
Thank you trapa for this. Always nice when I see you supporting Africa. Very good attitude 
Fantastic effort, courage and resilience shown by our Year 4 boys this afternoon. Check out this tackle. 
Check out Terren’s story here: 
Ketan from@exaptec team trying out the coffee face mask 
Did you miss out on any 2017 limited edition bracelets? Complete your 4Ocean collection today! 
Our Year 9s were so engaged in the 
Team selections have been sent out via team managers for Inter-Regional XC Champs on 9/12 please make sure you respond with availability! 
Can it be Saturday yet? This is going to be all kinds of fun! Get down to 
Grab your phone, warm up your texting finger & get ready to 
Great blog post on getting the most from your turbo training from 
Just caught up watching Dragons performance from last night. Enjoyed the energy. Small steps in right direction 
Volunteers needed to help the junior parkruns on Sunday mornings on the Jordanstown campus. If interested in helping for approx 1 hr we’d love to hear from you via E: jordanstown-juniorshelpers@parkrun.comVolunteers need to be on site 9am for briefing. Run starts 9.30am 
At intermission, fantastic first half highlighted by two wrestlers who are going to have a MASSIVE 2018 
Thanks guys we couldn't do without supporters like u  
Keep the msg going!!! Tapwe miyawasin (This is so great!) 
All these cotton buds were found on beaches, washed up after being flushed down the loo! Please only buy cardboard sticks and always bin them too 
Come on folks u helped me get to 4000 followers let's help this wonderful lady get her goal and thank her for doing a superb job keep safe
Nice to see you in the Capella Tower Commons today, Keith Ellison. 
We had a hiccup during sever maintenance last night that caused some old account notification emails to be resent. Apologies for the inbox spam!  If you received a password reset email, or an email from an issue that had already been solved, please disregard. 
Carnival clubs are already fundraising for 2018! 
Rain / wind clearing!It looks dry and sunny from 10... we’ll be open for day boat hire 
Launching my new chopping board in time for 
What a fantastic conference yesterday at 
The future of curling is bright in the town of Foam Lake! So fortunate to spend the day with their elementary & high school kids in a 
A great result!  And Congratulations on your other awards @diana_cmdhb 
No S&C tomorrow (wed) unfortunately
This is our line up for next weeks show 
Getting ready to watch the fantastic 
Product Training day at Tower
Check out Global Electronic Technology's newest driver, Caden Casner! Congrats on the Jr. Dragster ride, bud! We can't wait to root you on next season
Delighted to have defended my title in the European masters, thanks for the support it's much appreciated 
Excited to see so many of our principals and partners at partnership fair! 
SHOP IN-STORE THIS OCTOBER FOR YOUR CHANCE TO WIN 2 BARBOUR COATS OF YOUR CHOICE!* Good luck 
Mince pies all day today with our new depositor.  Thanks 
Comedian friends: how many of you get random thumbs up messages on your fb page?  Literally just 
Managed to catch the last day of my brother 
Need some podcasts to add to your list? Check out Clare's GLAMorous recommendations including 
I’ve comfortably enjoyed 
RT colinmeagle Thanks Billy! Hopefully see you on the night. 
Pitch ready for tomorrow come on pinxton fc 
 to this amazing moment last week.  
Had to stop and admire this on the way to cricket match.So simple yet striking
39 followers away from 2000 - hope to get there this week - any RT help greatly appreciated 
Next school event this Thursday evening - check book bags for booking form & sign up for a fun evening. Cook - eat - drink 
@cjdavies20 will miss hammering ur square head every morning aswel! 
Very significant funding Grants for sports clubs across the country to be published tomorrow morning by Govt under the 2017 Sports Capital Funding programme - delighted to see such ambition from Cork Clubs to invest in facilities and equipment 
Black Friday special at Devon Coffee tomorrow. 20p of any hot drink. Happy days... 
Help us out with our stylesheets and we'll send you a free tote bag + more! 
Well done team Leyland 
So true Kris. The character they are showing is unbelievable. They continue to play there football whatever the situation. A joy to watch today 
 have a look-great learning activities to discuss at PRD as possible personal CPD for next session.Check out Tch Leadership 
Thanks to today’s ball recovery team the 
Thanks coolio peeps! I'm hoping to have another de-franco n 
FINALLY  !!!!! And we have a fecking winner  
1st team in the hat for the semi final draw along with 
P.S. - No 
And the winner is... team 
Great to see extra patrolling in Weavers Ward with K9 support on the Boundary Estate. 
Seems that I'm interesting enough to have an article wrote about me. Feel free to have a read 
Italian style and 6Day entertainment? That’ll be 
Incredible memories Harvey, there's nothing quite like it is there? Here's to the next one 
From someone who doesn't read to not being able to put this book down 
So much fun meeting you & Mina (?
All the trimmings indeed! Good work 
Absolutely love it, great visualisation of resistance trends across Europe, 
Greenwood students at the Vikes game 
Worth the trip to Basel for the fab 
 Great visit to Beer Gurerrila today it was great to chat to you, fantastic business you have there, we will definitely be visiting again 
 Good team dynamics  > 
Ooh, a new name & logo but, more importantly, an exciting future of continued enjoyment of the beautiful outdoors. Nice one 
Fixed my Apache configurations again today — I MEAN: upgraded my dev machine to macOS High Sierra. 
Our services are still up, however you might experience that they are not as fast as you are used to. We're still fighting the attacks. Check out 
Always great to be nominated...good luck everyone... Place your vote here... 
Said before & will again if you want traditional 
Well. My phone got run over by a car. Life proof case saved the day though.. And so did my dad for finding it behind the tire of a van
 is getting a great standing ovation from our members on their recent transparent VPN security audit! Keep up the great work
Nice wok by @james_kirwin_aka_mud 
We're making creativity fun again at the 
 Police Search Advisor at UCL Planning;THANKS to our FANTASTIC Mutual Aid Search Teams who kept the Stadium safe 
Ball and Boe: Back Together 
I'm gonna join the chain of tweets I've seen putting over 
Congratulation to club member Kevin McKeown who had 4 two's in the Sunday competition yesterday. Let try for 5 this weekend. 
Apologies Zack it was your header.. we'll look at the action replay to award it though 
About 150mph car fantastic, look forward to next run!!  
Thanks for all the support on Time Warp so far! 
Two of our young leaders, Merilin from 
England seriously know how to win when they aren’t playing well 
Played poorly in difficult conditions, but had a good partner today & the Irish Sec Mgrs are 5-1 up after day one 
More recognition for the stammering project at team brief today - well done 
Seriously, we had such a great time trying out your game. A definite gaming highlight for us. Keep us updated 
Check back page of the Farming Independent Today. Get your order into us! We will deliver
Sophie learned to sing True Colours in Sign Language & taught her friend Abbie!  
This time next week! Great CPD opportunity; come and join us on the 22nd for lecture on SCI research 
Where do you think unsold England tickets should go?MPs have urged the FA donate them to schools. 
Replace ”employees” with ”people” and you have a good set of principles for dealing with consumer data as well.  
The Dublin stop of this fantastic 
Streaming some saturday chill rank-s 
Best of luck to Firangi team 
Tonight, Carstar Canada announced the donation of a 2017 Mazda CX-5 to St. John Ambulance, allowing more First Aid, CPR and defibrillation coverage to those in our community. 
Aw thank you so much! 
Our student journalists are on twitter! Follow 
Are you looking to train for a triathlon and based in Leeds? Here is what you can find to help to get you down that famous blue carpet 
We don't usually share stuff like this. But it's a good story by TFC's 90s pr at Geffen AND it's in cartoon form. Full story in the link >>
Question: RealtyShares - 
