Check out this show! Such a touching beast of a play! Written, composed & performed by 
Congratulations to our Carpentry Apprentice Ryan for reaching the finals in the 
Make sure u not driving when u watch this. This tweet is flammable. 
Huge congrats to former group member 
Hands up if you had a coffee & conversation for Inter Faith Week 
Chuffed for the whole club to get that win, especially going into the international break. Our fans were immense today, too. 
ONLY 23 DAYS TIL FRESHERS
How boss were WU LYF. 
So excited to confirm I’ll be running the first-ever 
Delight for DC Thomson Media with 4 wins at the PPA Scottish Magazine Awards! 
Can't wait to see 
this just in!! finished copies of 
 | Today's attendance: 20,278.Thanks for your support this afternoon, 
Ahh - you’re welcome! That velvet red ribbon is so striking! Such a great idea! Looking very festive you folks 
Congrats to this great bunch of guys 
“You’re never too young or old to achieve great things.” 
Best news ever! 
 We brought the house down and raised $15 million for 
Sunday Set Menu 12pm-4pm today at Marcella. 3 courses for £20. Happy Sunday 
That was lovely - a massive achievement for all 
 to some of our favorite parties from 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 -- all of them with 
Bit late on this but big big shouts to 
Nashville! Don’t miss 
One of the points made at the amazing Mental Health In the Workplace event last night 
Join us tomorrow Tuesday for this 
$300,000 artist support program announced in Brisbane. Bravo 
Great to have my friends here for the final race of the year! 
Those statement boots you need! 
We Just hit 5,555 
The Monday-est Tuesday ever! Don't worry, we've got tons of cocktails and pizza to look forward to this weekend! 
 eee looking forward to seeing pics! x
Awesome to see our Sanctus coach, Shayan, talking to 
On our weekend agenda: a little self-care and a *lot* of relaxing thanks to 
Pleased to announce me and my piano will be playing at 
Let em know Sean. If they don't want to respect the Cane's. Will make them. 
Btw a big burden thank you to the NHS staff at 
Shabbat Shalom Dearest Denise
To the party crowd out there. 
Just got word from YouTube, our iPhone X video broke the single day HDR streaming record. 
Amazingly honest and humorous conversation with 
Today is the day - it's OPEN HOUSE day 
Some of these buckets are incredible! 
We have our hilariously talented understudies going on 2night & it’s gonna be wild! Super excited - c y’all at 
If the only thing you’re dreaming of this Christmas is a moment of relaxation, look no further than these amazing festive food hacks, brought to you by 
Another top 10! 
Futsal National League is back! 
Thank you for sharing the magic of mountain flight 
Good luck to everyone getting their 
Head to the Health Enhancement Center for a night of fun competition with fellow Pointers, prizes donated by local businesses and a variety of challenging games! 
Happy Monday! Go get it 
 latest song is SICK! Been on repeat all day long!! 
We can't wait for the Sports Lounge exclusive opening at 
That catch by Tee tho...
Tonight's, the night! Running In The Shadows: FLEETWOOD MAC SPECIAL goes live in Camden Town this evening! 
You can visit several L.A. museums and gardens for *free* on these days in December
"There is nothing in America that isn't [the way it is] by design" — 
Inspired by Grandmother's passing, this woman lost 150 pounds 
Rooney’s 3rd goal! 
Our magazine team is searching for a Features Editor to join 
Where's Nigel the Nightline Bear? Found him 
Just 10 days to go
Tomorrow. From 2pm. Yasssss 
One sleep to go until the first 
Ensure your lash look is always on point with 
hopefully this means the new album is coming soon 
Great night with the boys at mahikimcr on Saturday 
Our beautiful OLIVIA at this mornings 
What an amazing day at our Festive Spectacular! Thank you to everyone who came & thank you to 
YES! We should go together with 
See you guys Friday! 
Grand Rapids tonight! 
As if I could love 
 incredible set yesterday. Highlight of the day for me 
If you're shopping online don't forget if you shop on 
S.E. Hinton, expert on classroom management and student engagement! 
Congratulations to the best coach I have ever had! His knowledge, passion, and enthusiasm for the game is unparalleled. He is the coach that I strive to be. Thank you coach for accepting me into your 
Looking forwards to the midnight show this Saturday?! We are! 
Waking up to this view on a weekend morning never gets old. 
WHY CAN’T WE BE FRIENDS? Hope everyone is diggin’ it! 
Congratulations to Michelle Garton from Wyndham Primary Academy, Derby, winner of the Gold Award for Teacher of the Year in a Primary School 
Newsletter subscribers! Keep an eye on your inbox, a 
A hug for every player from Mauricio after a job well done on the opening day. 
I've dreamt about something like this since I was a kid! 
"Run often and run long, but never outrun your joy of running." // Julie Isphording 
Dice going deep on Terminal 3...can't wait for his set at 
Last weekend I had one of my best gigs so far at the 15th anniversary of Scantraxx Recordz! 
Thankyou you to everyone that turned up for my show and shout out to 
These guys are dope! 
Yeessss!!! 
Congratulations EU Digital Girl of the year winners Zara Ilyas, Ruby Scott Kenny & Aoibheann Mangan 
Thank you Lake Placid, NY. You were wonderful 
DMV!! Hope to see you this Saturday at the  Passport to Wellness Expo 
This story making me cry this Thanksgiving morning.  Some people are good 
Get your questions in! I'm excited as I am in the picture to answer 
Summer 2018 is going to be epic! 
Congratulations Viv, it was wonderful to have you and your family here! 
Back on the radio this morning in Aberdeen!
This is what 10 Years looks like 
Look out for our new college logo on your way home! Super proud 
We’re very proud to see so many of our students, graduates and staff at this fantastic 
Look who's back. Our 
 to the nursery nativity - as you can tell from my face, I was livid the inkeeper had all the lines and his wife was silent. (I was ready for 
Introducing - The AlumierMD Intellibright Complex - a lightweight serum that contains naturally powerful skin brightening agents that work by different mechanisms to enhance results and resistance to new pigment formation. Hydroquinone free. 
The Hairspray company bringing ultimate 
Join us this Tuesday 5th Dec 
We’ve just released the FINAL 50 tickets for this month’s Secret Sessions Live 
You can't beet a Belcher Thanksgiving. 
Woop woop! Saturday is upon us. Come along and see us for some fab cocktails! 
Happy new month everyone. 
A school project with out-of-this-world reach! These students have been building handrails for use aboard 
"We need Occupational Therapy to help us live with dementia - not just a shower rail" - 
We're looking to expand our community wall of fame 
Happy Birthday! And I agree -- SON OF A TRICKSTER is 
Oh and let's not forget 
Let’s go get another one tonight! 
 standing up for the right issues not just playing party lines 
Feature on WIN News! 
BBC Somerset's last ever broadcast from Park Street in Taunton. 
All the best to all those kicking off the season today 
When you realize its a short week...
Thank you so much for coming along and showing us all of your tasty treats 
 Incredible first-class career numbers for 
AHHH this video is finally out!! 
Dream BIG kids... in 2008 
Brilliant passing and tries a plenty this morning 
GOOD DEAL: Attend 
Thank you for watching our final show of 2017 
Hallelujah it’s the end of the week 
"If you're a boss, you've got work to do." On diversity, talent and retention 
Yesyesyes!!! These are the voices that matter most! 
Expanding Unwanted Software policy to cover Android apps that collect personal user data without consent: 
Specially designed Starter Sessions for new runners wanting to take part in The 
After eating nothing solid for the past 24 hours, it was lovely to have my new training bike set up and sorted by 
Throwback to this classic jungle mix from D&B legend DJ Micky Finn 
Thanks Angels! You are truly magical! Here’s to 
Over the moon to interview the awesome 
Jack J & DJ Deece on in the 
Listen to Victoria. Victoria is talking a lot of sense. 
Hello August! Countdown for 
It’s Indie Friday! If you’re looking for lovely Christmas gifts and want to support a local 
That 1-0 feeling. 
We're going camping, everyone! Passes for 
Team News | Your 
We’re thrilled to announce our first ever VFLW signing. Welcome to Tigerland, Natarsha Bamblett 
Congratulations Big Ol’ Barnacle Bob on your nomination for ‘Best Solo Hornpipe’!! 
GUESS WHO'S HOSTING THE 2018 
Through the support of our sponsors and community partners, we can bring affordable, fun, community events like these to North County! 
Bring someone along to cheer or volunteer and if you’re between 4-14 you can join us to run, walk or jog 
When you see ManU fans after Super Cup 
Fat to the rafters!! 
It was another special day at Chelmsford on Day Two as we welcomed the Club's past County Champions! 
Look moma I made it! Type in 
One week until my EP 'In Techno 'We Trust' drops! One week until Halycon with the don 
A night to remember. 
 thought you'd appreciate this! 
Couldn’t agree more. 
It's officially GAME DAY! 
 It's nearly the weekend! 
Join the movement and share how you would help to end stigma around mental health... Together, 
February this year saw one of the most interesting 
It’s true! I get to work with 
I'm over the moon about the premiere of my new video for 'Like You Love Me'! Thank you so much 
OTD 35 years ago, Michael Jackson released THRILLER worldwide. It is still the best-selling record of all time. 
 seniors give shoutout to some of the commitments 
2 more weeks untill you can get THIS 7 days a week 
Last week we had the pleasure of shooting some 
We removed the check-in process because if a consumer buys a ticket, why make them go through an extra step? -Tim Maples 
BIG congratulations to all the Awardees and their brilliant PAL 
 Massive thank to our partners who got involved with 
Weeeeee!! Thanks so much 
We are looking for ace people to join us.  If this is you, please get in touch 
@ConnerRyanCombs  thanks Combs!! 
【WEB SHOP（besides japan）】There is only a little left.
So delighted to see the great Xan Brooks shortlisted! 
I agree with u Bishop. May God continue to bless u with the boldness to speak truth when it is popular and esp when it is unpopular.
Hey! Hey! Nashville 
Just released our official recap video on YouTube for "What Happened" 
You can now Via ANYWHERE in Manhattan & Brooklyn 
Latina / Asian / Olive skinned girl w/black hair needed for a shoot tomo.  Pay £110. Dm us if you're interested 
Congratulations to our 2017 Newcombe Medal finalists 
Great Value Every Day, with Iceland 
CONGRATULATIONS to our Centre's Associate 
Ready for another busy weekend 
Post-run raffle prizes! 
When you hear that tune, you know what time it is! 
Shout out a friend who is always willing to lend a helping hand 
Clark with the upset on short notice 
It's Friday night so get your glad rags on and your chops round this!!
Feelin' good now that the weekend is here 
Star and Garter-ing tonight! 
See you all very soon!!
Thanksgiving turkey, better than leftovers and a 3-day work week  
Huge thanks to everyone on our grime & UK rap panel earlier today at the House Of MTV 
Miss Donegal Lauren McDonagh emerged victorious to be crowned 
Photography: Mastered's Alicia Shi being profiled by WGSN! 
Brand new release on SHOWLAND! 
Yes, you can actually make a WHOLE meal in five minutes 
To close tonight’s incredible Secret Sessions 
JACKSONVILLE thanks for starting off this weekend of Florida dates right! 
Waiting is the worst part when it comes to releasing new music... 2 big releases still coming this year! 
Almost ready to kick thing off for 
We're so excited! 
Finally!!!!!!! 
Check out this CNBC piece on securing your digital assets, featuring 
Boreal Mountain is looking good 
WOAH... Crew is definitely still feeling a bit wavy from last night... Let's all nurse our hangover the right way with FREE CHEESE TOASTIES, old school films and loads of Mario Kart 
"We've had some great moments at Adelaide Oval and hopefully that can continue" 
 hooray for the north, it’s people, and a brighter future for us types outside of London.
Chasing waterfalls? You'll want to chase The Bouma Waterfalls on Taveuni Island!  
What my experience as the 2017 Performance Analysis Post Graduate Scholar 
The emoji masters: These creative 
This picture makes us miss 
Detroit! EASTGOODS pop up at 
Keep pumping this energy!
Such a perfect day! 
We're half way there! 20 days down, & 20 days left to 
Good morning everyone! Can't wait to have 
If you’re providing guidance to parents on acute illness in children, you NEED to see The Little Orange Book 
Congratulations to Hollie Davidson in her appointment as Assistant Referee at the 
We have a new, cool, shiny Silver partner who specializes in artificial intelligent chatbots. Welcome on board 
The Coral - Tim Peaks - Kendal Calling 
In a nutshell, everyone is reading Helen Garner, and Helen Garner is reading 
Steven Gerrard named in UEFA’s team of the century. 
Lines learnt. Inner child released. Let's get crackin' Bring on rehearsals! 
Tiger Woods: Officially back today 
Neo can hunt!!! 
It feels good to do good 
Sweet potatoes stuffed with chickpeas & feta is 
Harry mate, you continue to be an inspiration 
A little Monday morning inspiration, courtesy of 
Let the leftover eating and online shopping continue 
This is a terrific cause and a terrific ranch! 
We are making our final touches on 
Congratulations to Silvestre De Sousa! 100 winners in the Stobart Jockey Championship! 
Hmm, looks like Newcastle's favourite alcoholic tea just landed in one the city's famous venues 
Back on with the biggest tracks around and usual chaos 
There'll be sunshine this weekend 
Let's bring home the title 
Tag the friend who always cheers you on at the finish line! 
Bread is life. And 
This tweet continues to break all records 
We're one of the most geo-tagged places in 
just under 24 hrs left - take 50% off new 5 Mag memberships  
Inspiring! And we have the nerve to complain about dumb stuff! God is so awesome! Live your dreams
Mixed emotions! Narrowly missing a crash by bunny hopping a pavement but getting closer to a top 5
Yippee!! Good Rd banners are up (mine’s the 4th one) 
One of our favorite parties of the year! 
Hands up if you're off to Mini in the Park this weekend... 
Kimberly is telling us about raspberry pis at 
Hit our funding goal in 48 hours
Truth is not something outside to be discovered, It is something inside to be realized.” - 
 you go to bed after earning the first NCAA Tournament win in PROGRAM HISTORY and know you get to keep playing....
Final score for our Aboriginal AFL Academy boys against 
Who else is excited about The Nutcracker opening on Friday? 
We're proud to have built a couple hundred of these beauties... 
Today is Transgender Day of Remembrance so to the many trans people I’ve known over the years, to those who’ve struggled through difficulties, to those who didn’t ‘make it’, and to those who fought and won - sometimes winning battles for the rest of us- I admire and respect you
 F R I D A Y 
Double the fun! Tune in to 
Wednesday's at 4pm at FX Tennis Academy is for our Young Guns 
Check out our new song "Another Round" ft. 
Listen again to Episode 108 where we dug through the 
Memories for a lifetime... Thank you Liverpool! 
Just a small mountain for twisting and labelling tonight before 
Back in Miami for round 3 of FADER x 
We're BACK! 
 to hanging out inside a level I grew up playing 
Bob Costas NAILED this. Patriotism comes in many forms, but it's been conflated w/ bumper sticker flag waving & "military only." 
 Charlie Parr: "Cheap Wine" - Live at Terrapin Station 
He's a teaching assistant by day... but his evenings are dedicated to 
 Eat right, Train Hard, Eat right, Repeat 
Voting for the 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards hosted by 
Raise your hands if you got your pre-sale tickets 
Spring is right around the corner... 
Good times!! 
 Prepare for a pure BOP, 'cause 
Culture pays £2.6bn in taxes- that's £5 for every £1 of public funding! 
This couple are so endearing & down to earth
What an amazing group of humans! Our future is so incredibly bright 
The Apollo audience did all the heavy lifting on Thats What I
My boy: It's OK my nigga. Our time is coming 
We’ve just tackled higher tier GCSE questions on fractions, now we’re taking on decimals! Go team 
RT if you’re loving these flashbacks 
HAPPY SATURDAY!! 
Big thanks to Social Media Today for publishing our infographic! Check it out! 
Eeeek, at todays Cash for Kids lunch we made a grand total of £177,154 thank you to everyone who came along and donated!! 
Its all been great! Will continue watching the repeats, but hurry with Series 12! 
United in solidarity. Representatives of 15 squads across the 4 codes now signed up for the sleep out in Belfast. All support welcome 
 Big up Hot Since 82! 
Love the banter between Ant and Dec ... Laugh it off lads 
Inspiring change one day at a time. Happy Monday! 
I LOVE the stripe/polka dot combo!!! 
And of course, a big congratulations to 
A win today would have been magical. But 2nd isnt too bad either. I'll take it 
BEAST!!!!
All hail to the mighty King Kong! 
Thanks to Connor, Clare, Kelly-Marie and the team at Lynch's 
The AFL's iconic opening bounce lives on. 
Shut up, no way!! 
The weekend is one nitro cold brew away. Here we go, world! We're almost there 
Keep that winning feeling going! 
Win a year’s supply of Dove Men+Care product 
T minus 24 hours until my fave day of the week... parkrun day 
Canes remain UNDEFEATED! 
In 10 days the hottest game of the year is coming to console, only on Xbox One! 
Our Opening Night Gala sponsor always gets the best spot on the red carpet. 
 - too soon? Or time just right? 
Our model Noureen on set for 
The weekend is finally here and  now it's time for some coffee 
Tomorrow looks delicious... doors at 6:30 am! 
listen to this mad remix of disco tits by 
People are often interested in our remote working model, which we call 
Our students brought in over 2500 items for 
This December we've partnered up with our friends from 
As our Tiger Women gear up for the start of pre-season, why not take a look back at the highlights from 2017 
One thing we learned last night: Missoula Montana throws down hard, thank you!!! 
Some nights are beyond words...Thank you, Prague & 
Our student-athletes are pretty great.  
Grazie mille a tutti qiclubbing for a wonderful Saturday night!! 
With the genophage cured, we turn our attention to the quarians. Going live in 1 hour 
 The A1 bargains roll on, as it's our Black Friday, 7 day sale! 
TGIF! Now it’s time to grab drinks with the girls 
If you struggle to use Pinterest with your 
Starting at 12PM tomorrow (8/29), we're giving out FREE VEGAN QUESO at our shop on E Cesar Chavez! Queso will be served until we run out 
LAST CHANCE, best 99p you'll spend all year 
Consider shopping local today for 
Tomorrow is the day. I look forward to speaking at 
Big S|O to Rogers and his team at East London Airport for the great service 
Keep inspiring to Inspire others to Keep Breathing and Chasing thier Dreams. 
Great shooting this documentary at 'The Cave' yesterday with 
Great photos, Amanda! 
Standing ovation for Aziz & Lena! 
Fuck yeah, DC. Good times last night 
No one I’d rather do life with than this guy. I’m so proud of the man and champion he is in life. Thank you God for all our blessings 
More than 35k people are traveling through RDU today! Visit our website for tips and helpful resources that will keep you thankful all season long. 
"It's a tiny moment in a day that we can all be cool and be nice" - HRH Princess Eugenie was just one of the famous faces that come along to last weeks 
Look forward to walking the red carpet with this legend 
Deep crust in one hand, beer in the other… that’s a happy pizza lover right there 
In celebration of 50 years, we're hearing from people who have helped bring the Octagon to life. Here is the first of our five "50 faces of the Octagon" blogs 
ICMYI: Australia's 
Young entrepreneur of the year goes to... Samantha Jones from 
100 attendees registered! Looking good!
When you win the BetVictor Gold Cup 
When you get home late and actually take the time to take your makeup off 
I can't waaait for tomorrow with my brother 
SO looking forward to having a listen 
@dannygs1998 That's what we love to hear!! Samsung Pay FTW 
Our VFLW team has a coach 
Guys you should all be making your own presets! Save yourself some freaking time 
 raceday sponsor for the G1 in NZ! 
WHAT A SHOT!!
What an amazing day on the starfish course !!!! 
We're glad you enjoyed it! Keep piggybacking and you'll be #1 next time 
This melody never gets old...
Friday + fall colors =  
London called Denis for a few reasons... 
What a moment! Goosebumps watching this again.When Great Britain won the Davis Cup for the first time since 1936 
SCOTTA IS STAYING AT THE BAYS 
The draw for the third round of the 
Chilly as it may be, another gorgeous Saturday ahead 
Awesome work! Congrats Howick College 
 Carl Cox returns to Creamfields after a 10 year hiatus, headlining Steel Yard on Friday night 
 great night of sparring offence and defence.Followed by sharp padwork and fitness work
We've always considered hospitality one of our strong suits. Now our students are winning international awards for it! 
Thanks again @festoolsedge great tip on the 
After a rough start, we managed to take the second game from 
I’m so excited to watch 
The ghd platinum was the winner of the best straightener at the 
Weekends like this are why we love the Premier League 
T's of ELs:How are u Using Tech?Go beyond teaching English.  And go beyond quizzing w 
A busy day here for the Keystone team today, as we put the final plans in place for 
Next week is the big one, the boys have put themselves in good positions to qualify but it's not over yet! One more week powering through our matches at Hashtag HQ. Thankfully we have the best fans in FIFA to cheer us on!!! 
Our last Show & Tell of the year is coming up on Sunday, Nov 12th! Show the world what you've been working on! 
How to do expert make-up the easy way by the brilliant 
The mad rush to prep for 
A great day and year 
 Ryan Howard delighted to win 
The November College Readiness Institute is in full-swing! 
 fam! Big things are going down in Cleveland, Ohio today! 
Lets dance!!! FLOW by 
V e r y  chill vibes from 
“I get a huge amount of creative freedom ... And I feel incredibly lucky for that.” New interview up today with 
Our Christmas menus go live in less than a week
Sheet metal apprentice Macaulay Reavill receives hero's welcome after representing the nation at 
Happy 21st Birthday to the best bar in the world, 
What a season! And when it's all said and done, nothing but respect! 
My energy has been so positive this week. Made my 2018 goals, spread some kindness to those who needed it, took a little more time to listen to myself. Just good vibes all around. 
New shop front looking on point 
Have a good day at work! 
Edem songs erh, you no know lyrics sef, before you go realise then you dey sing along.Number 9 senior. 
Happy 1st December Give your loved ones something special this Christmas
Hands up if you have got a clean sheet in the bag today 
What a night so far, and we're raising the knob up to legendary! I'm stoked. What about you? 
We’re having another PAWSOME SALE!
The ultimate link to listen to Loving You across platforms... thanks for the tech skills 
World number 1 or not, 
Edinburgh done. Big love and thanks to 
That's amazing! Well done to all involved  
 So much cricket love 
'The essence of architecture is to open up the hearts of people and to move them in such a way that they are happy to be on this earth,' says the master of minimalist architecture Tadao Ando. 
Tonight we welcome, renowned German DJ/Producer 
Words can even describe how good this was. Ranjit really was on top form 
Better late than never! Here's an awesome footage of our 
Tonight is the night! We can't wait to welcome Cults to Saturn 
Checking out the Great Wall of China 
What better to sample chunks of 
 Thanks for getting us home safe 
He's behind you! We're in the spirit for Panto season 
 Who's looking forward to tomorrow afternoon's match-up against 
 providing an awesome space for Sanctus sessions with the amazing Brad yesterday 
Sounds like a great evening in Walsall... good job all round!
We're heading up high! Happy birthday 
Holiday Harnesses and Leashes are here!
SOLD OUT!!! We celebrate 10 years of 
Take your freestyle further with the Burton Snowboards Process Flying-V! 
13 ATL agencies in 3 days. 
 Award nominees announced! Celebrating incredible makers. Winners revealed tomorrow! 
Follow & RT to win tickets to 
 with St Josephs RC Bradford Y1 & Y2. They are giving nature a home already but have some great ideas to do even more. Woop 
We’re counting down the minutes! 
Such a great night with the FABULOUS 
 launch tonight Suki10C - come out and support 
The ZOO familia are super excited to hit 
GOAL!!!!! 
A bit of Kelly Clarkson now at over 20 hours in 
Going into the final 12 with a 12p lead, 85-73. 
Thank you, Andy! 
"Radical Hospitality" 
We're giving you the chance to WIN yourself some presents this advent, happy 1st of December 
"There's a chance you might lose the nipple""I don't care, I'll draw one on" 
Incredibly proud of the team for shipping support for libraries. This is going to fundamentally change how we work! Check it out 
Taking 'research' for Malt Melt very seriously. 
Ha!! Immense. Highlight of the awesome evening ... 
Yaaaas. We love Olivia 
My new book, 
Thursday November 9th, the day we officially launch the first of our 
Thrilled to set the 100 mi World Record & best the men's and women 100 mi trail FKTs at 
When you leave work early on Friday 
"Drama at the Ricoh!"An incredible end to an incredible game of rugby. 
WOW. New attendance record in Mexico, as 28,955 spectators attend first leg of League Final. 
"I've been looking up to you for a long time" - 
Age Of Empires IV has just been announced for PC! What a game 
Love Patrick Hughes reverspectives --  so excited to include some of his fabulous images in the Original 45s exhibition 
Arizona! See you next March at 
Who's coming to hang out with us and 
BIG LOVE FOR MY DANISH BROTHERS 
Are you Techno? We Are 
Well that was definitely one of those ‘now that’s why I do my job’ weeks! 
Great away win from the boys today 
In action! MOVEMENT FESTIVAL TURIN. 
Happy to announce I'll be also playing in Osaka at 
 - Inyembezi dam this dude is one hella dope artist he speaks to the soul 
I'll be speaking about Advanced TypeScript at tomorrow's 
Our games hero Marvin talking about chatbots as a future of social gaming! 
 with beautiful people...Paddy-of-laive 
You’re welcome! Loads more to come... 
DENVER I will see you this friday at 
Just shared a Twitter Live with 
Hot fries, cold beer 
We're on the "brink of change" for smart cities says our 
: Foxes, minks, & more won't be killed for their fur at 
Only just discovering Ray Parker Jr’s back catalogue 
Leaving the office on a Friday like... 
Complete team wipe for us! 
One more day to get involved in our huge giveaway! We have teamed up with 
How’s this for a defence! 
Why's the offense clicking?? 
Wow! The support we've had so far 
Ya estamos en Rusia. Objetivo logrado⁠⁠⁠⁠!! / Job done!! Qualifyed for Russia 2018 WCup 
HT: Great half from England 
Huge honour to be named Australian footballer of the year especially as it is voted by the players! Thanks to all  who helped me earn this 
We won 3 Gold Pinnacles at 
The Outstanding Contribution by a Teacher Award recognises the hard work and dedication by teachers in sharing the 
 CALL FOR MORE SPEAKERS 
Yesterday, Anne rapped with 
Nominated for Performer: Alhaji Fofana, Millie Innes, Phil Fletcher and Savannah Baker 
Congratulations and well deserved! 
We've been nominated! 
my favorite pop song of 2017 
We're getting back under way across the 
When you and your bro are still completely on the same wave even when you're half way round the world from eachother. 
Had the best customer experience with 
Big up the OG Tony Alva! Rolled through for a lil session yesterday and showed his support! 
Skill, coordination, flow 
Not long now till the Delta Heavy boy debut Paradise Lost at 
Party season is upon us and we've got the tunes covered 
 Looking forward to presenting later on today. Nervous, but excited to showcase Envirocache and it's potential! 
Ah lads who remembers Alex from last year’s 
When your going to be working late on a Friday.... but it’s ok because it’s 
A truly magical Mahler 9 tonight at 
Sunday Funday = Eating Pizzaville 
Feedback of the week! "There is nothing more “no hassle" than taking your item to a concierge and dropping it off for an instant refund/credit. Just one more reason 
25 pictures you may have missed...but need to see. 
Extremity up to #50 today on the beatport top 100 chart. 
It's back! 
Use promo code ARCADEHEARTS    Yeah yeah yeah this is gonna be dope 
Tonite in Baton Rouge we have a stacked line up! So excite
NEW SESSION!! Awesome guitar work from 
Who will you help today? 
Heading for a carb nap before the next meeting... thanks 
Already over 1M plays for 'Keep Your Head Up' by 
This is why we're proud to be fully 
It's almost Final weekend, and the Contestants will need some surefire advice on how to take home the title! Who better to help them out than 
We'll be in approx. 205 theaters this weekend. New theaters in BOLD. 
We are already planning our runs for next year! 
DC3 FAN FOR LIFE! No matter where these ladies R they ALWAYS bring it! Shout 2 
Fridays always put you in the best mood 
Big congrats to NATALIE WINTER & MORGAN JANDA on being selected to play in the 
Pull your high-rotation hipster t-shirt from you K Mart Scandi chest of drawers people. The Lovegrove Lane artisan market day is on! 
 Training wear, leisurewear and our fantastic 2018 
Thanks so much buddy, awesome to have your support 
Get those retweets in! We’ll announce the winners at 5pm. 
And our final speaker Sarah Shimmons from 
“It is unlike any show I’ve ever seen in my life! I love MTV!” -
 So pleased for and mega proud of our patron 
The issues with the theme editor have now been resolved. 
So proud of my amazing friend 
Amazing to see '1992 Deluxe' by 
The best way to spend a Sunday 
Huge thank you to everyone who bought a sandwich T-shirt. We'll be sending you your T's later this week and sending 
Ma'a Nonu - still tearing it up at 35 
I've got some beautiful songs to show up pretty soon and i'm exited to share that with you! I'm coming back this friday 
In 45 minutes we bring you the radio world premiere of 
EVERY touchdown from EVERY game!!! 
Full Highlights: Hustle defeat 
These Art bookshops in Amsterdam are an oasis, a pleasure for the senses. 
 have new merch! £10 + p&p. Just DM us 
Listen to a preview of Houston's 
I hated winter running. Then I got these mittens. 
Any recommendations for a good campervan hire company? Looking to tour Scotland between rugby matches next week 
Legends. Officially and always. 
Retweeted Erith Town FC (
 Shout out to 1Dance.FM Radio & Tony Crisp for your continuous support of 
Our kid judges pick the NEXT BIG TOY tonight! 
Oh Jesus is a winner man... 
Little bit from last night at the Britannia 
Our annual variety show 
We'll be keeping a close eye on the 
SENATE PASSES THE TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT 51-49 
We're back playing in London early next year! 
IRISH RADIO:thank you for all the spins of our new single 'Out Of My Hands'.Special shout out 2 
Don't think, ACT outside the box! 
Thanks for the good times on a Sunday morning 
We're bringing the best museum professional development to the District - join us this February for a special DC Audience Engagement Boot Camp 
High hopes for Ableton 10 
Rare Pic of Two boys watching flim with Yomi
Little bmx throwback... 2007 1 foot invert back when the quarter hadn't been ruined 
We had a great night with our community talking about taking the stigma out of mental health. Thanks 
The hype is real! 
 "The world is messy. As creative people, we want to make sense of the chaos. We want to put our creative energy into making the world a better place." - 
You can’t go wrong with a classic black lace 
WE LOVE YOU BOSTON. Can't wait to be there singin for you bright and early tomorrow!  
Those colours! Cool to see our cans like this! 
Sad that that's it for the year! Thanks so much 
Watching London's OG 
Don't like something at work? Go out and create your own job. via 
Good morning all! Please help my friends kid in their fund raising attempt for 
Got one! Thanks 
Just put this absolute beast on from 
Our next show is going to be a big one! A full pop punk show at 
Super stoked to announce I am now an official 
1 week for Spanish-language Monster voiced by Osmo Dad 
That Night in Toronto... was one of the best
Bout to watch the big bro 
Arsenal fans take heart!!! Smile, ya mirakool is on da way... 
How do you make an Egg Farmers Rocks & Rings presented by 
89th minute: Gateshead 1 - 0 Lincoln City93rd minute: Gateshead 1 - 2 Lincoln CityDanny Cowley's men don't know when to quit! 
The struggle is real.....
Finally! Luis Suarez's successor has been found...Mohamed Salah is Liverpool's new superman! 
Passion Tees!! 
, we're back this weekend for even more talent! Don't miss your last chance to audition for 
First photo from our new cohort! Sale High School students about to enter Lime Tree Primary Academy for their mentoring session with young children 
My private lesson time-slots for the entire month of November are OPEN! Snag your spots right here:
Our Monday's feeling like a Friday with 
 We fell even more in love with 
"Talk In Your Sleep!" 
Had a blast filling in facilitating  
What a day! Feeling truly inspired by all the beautiful ladies I met and moved with at 
Right, hands up if you want a bacon butty 
Truly the best!! We love you! Thanks for the love and support 
At the launch of Club Brunch at 
ONELOVE OFFICE HQ; VICE CITY, A 
Check it ouut!! 
THANK YOU DENVER!! What an amazing time playing the opening weekend to a sold out crowd! I can’t wait to be back!! 
We are back up on iTunes! 
Not picked up the new Thanos title from 
The Big House. The Game.  
I've woken up from my Twitter hibernation just in time as today is 
It's Women Who Rock for 
The two teams to beat Ohio State: 
IGN gave Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. an 8/10 "GREAT" rating for "Orientation" Parts 1& 2. 
Talking about 5-axis machining? 1186MFG is killing it on their 
Discussing behaviour focused, not weight focused health interventions on 
Canned cranberry sauce is supreme. No doubt. I passionately agree 
After years of trying he finally got it - a 
A morning feast like no other! 
Last night was an absolute blast with 
Most deserved winner of our inaugural 
There are so many of you that contributed to the What The Funk video!! Here's a little thank you note to show my gratitude 
Campaigning works, solidarity is key & good news! Its now more the norm to support each other 
This guy right here! 
A shout out to our fellows from Batch 44 on their graduation held at Packages Limited (Lahore) this weekOff you go champs! 
Loved Carol’s shout out to 
Stocking fillers done right.
The accessibility error scanner we use at GitHub for dev and production is now open-source! 
Your soundtrack for today courtesy of Eli & Fur 
It's almost lift-off time for the World Cup Series in 
Last night, we were thrilled to welcome a host of VIP guests to our  Ageas Media Centre, as part of an extra special 
Packed house & amazing audience tonight for the show in Nicosia for Buffer Fringe. So lovely to have the Irish ambassador 
Someone preaching the truth! Only us Canes fans know 
SAVE THE DATE: V for Visibility 21st of September 
Buy your ticket & coach travel for 
For cereal! Great 
Gave it my all to win today but didn't quite have the pace.. 6/8 Feature Race Podiums this year we can be pleased with that 
Yay!!! Read pages 62 - 71 first. "Work hard and be nice to people." 
Massive Congratulations to our Dacia competition winner, Denise Gallagher 
We're a little biased but...another great show fellas. 
He's settling right back into life at Kingston Park so find out more about him 
Nothing like clean, smooth, and soft hands! 
Set times for tonight, Toronto! See you soon 
When I was younger I always wanted to be the 1st Filipino IC Champion...it’s still a personal goal of mine 
You can make anything you set your taste buds to. Head to SONIC to bring your drink masterpiece to life! 
 made easy with this chicken and butternut squash risotto. 
We need a laugh this morning 
Looking forward to taking part in an 
We have such talented customers. You heard 'em, do it 
I was wondering the same thing .
IT'S OFFICIALLY THE WEEKEND! 
Had a great time doing this one! Thanks to everyone that’s buying/streaming 
The swagger is back! 
God is truly amazing and has exceeded our expectations
Premiers one day, 
Nice one Luke, thanks for coming
Forgot to post this straight up massive record from 
Ready to do this all again in 2018?! 
unitedslopesofamerica Season 2 Ep. 1 just dropped on 
Hey if you have a second, please feel free to leave a review of our podcast on 
This is how it feels to overcome your fears! 
Double page spread on my last day 
We are delighted to announce that Crowdfund Plymouth has now raised £1m for projects in the City 
Murky returns for an Xmas get down this Friday 1st December 
Big up all the artists who are there and consistently sick but don’t really get as much shine and praise as they deserve. I appreciate you. Carry on being nang. The opportunities will come. 
Highball. Japanese whisky + lemon. 
Duvet dinner and your favourite show anyone? Yeah. Us too. 
NEW CLUB ANNOUNCEMENT - Welcome to the SQUAD 
Twitter would be 30% more boring without you Piers 
Ms. Meighan's class is doing an awesome job singing the new Open Shut Them 2 song! 
Congrats to Paralympic snowboarder Ben Tudhope receiving the 
Whilst all the discussion is focused on the European Medicines Agency, we should also consider eating a natural diet, reducing the need for medicine 
My amazing sister killing it 
Her second design. Also ordered 
Add more women to your teams to boost the collective intelligence of your company! 
 tix available >> 
Happy Thanksgiving! We are thankful for all the great people that are part of our organization. Shaping Voices With The Power To Influence
One of the coolest parties I've ever played is happening again this Saturday. Excited to be a part of it once again. Crash.
On point !!!!! 
When your mobile carrier gets featured as a "potential game changer" by 
I can’t believe that it’s been a year! Volunteering for 
This nude lip combo though  
Get 50% off our new mustard quilt parka jacket 
 was a huge night for MMA in Belgium! 
I don't think we're ready for this telly... Beyotí 
RT to win a ticket +1 to our next Infinity rooftop party next Friday 
Bigup Stefflon Don, Miss Banks, Nolay, Little Simz, Lisa Mercedez, C Cane, Leshurr and all the other boss women who 'kicked off the door waving the four four' in this era of UK urban music. Bigup unu self starrr!! 
"Q: Which track in the mix is your current favourite?A: They’re all great tracks, but I would say the new 2AMFM on Secret Studio, it captures that classic Detroit sound which I really love."BIG thnx 2 MysticBill! Peep da intrview & mix @ RansomNote> 
Follow our quick coconut salmon curry recipe for an easy Thai 
 absolutely in love with my new @kate_malone_ceramics piece! I keep popping to the kitchen to take another look 
15 years later and still looking awesome 
Good luck ladies! Enjoy the experience 
TRABANCA is OUT NOW! 
'Trabanca' is going strong! Have you heard it yet? 
8-0 win today. Goals for 
The UK tour was EPIC 
Big shout out to our McLaren+ members settling in to the 
NEW SHOW! w/ a limited run 
Have a good week and get creating 
Big one coming up! 
May can't come soon enough. 
 Put your hands up for the McPick 2 for $5 lineup!! 
Let‘s have a little break...2 offdays, then we‘re back on the road 
Vera Adrian's new road bike
 Check out the closed-captioning and sign language translation of the 
Toronto -- and my VIP ticket already came in the mail two days ago. 
Wow. 650 geordies
AMP LOST & FOUND 2018 IS HERE  
We're flippin' out because Opening Day at 
Huge EP out June 2nd 
 coming along nicely! Maybe fume-hoods next! 
Swansea British Tour today 
It's finally FRIDAY!!!!!!! 
Want to be the first to get our Black Friday deal?! Sign-Up for our eNews to 
For the first time in our history, we're in the 
I will be attending my first Rails Camp 
It's World Antibiotic Awareness Week!GCU nursing lecturer Val Ness talks us through the six-step technique to cleaning your hands 
We've got some great stuff headed your way! Stay tuned for fresh, new content from AIA featuring AIA speaker, 
PIZZA KLAXON - it's Double Up Day! Get any individual 1/4m pizza delivered and your second is just £2 
Boom! So great to see these two YouTuber heavyweights collab 
I wasn’t super excited about audio recordings coming to 
Fatboy Slim X Robyn S X Faithless 
Congrats to the Digital Commerce & Innovation Team at Wakefern on a successful Downtime Dollars launch for ShopRite...great job everyone! 
WE'VE WON!! 
Joining us Friday 8th DEC 8.30pm 
Tracy Ellis Ross is and has been a superstar, style icon and incredibly good at playing married with kids on tv lol. Kudos to her tbh
 deals are here (and you’re going to love these savings) 
It’s a whole new experience for Pandora on 
Six foundations for pale skin 
Toast, Avo, Jerky 
Singapore’s Changi airport to cut passenger waiting times thanks to augmented reality 
How lovely to see chef Lizzie’s recipes in today’s Scotsman 
Look who is coming in at No. 23 in this week's 
 Starring for our basketball team is Daniel Garnett who after taking up the sport with us, went on to represent Wales.Read his story... 
It's the big one 
 WIN!!! 
CONFIRMED: Kigali New Year's Eve 
Just when we thought the bromance was over, Jobama lives on! 
Let's hear it for the boys! 
CashforKidsNI: altruisticjack ScoutsDown Well done!!! 
Not a bad spot for this week’s 
Brill to be included in best fintech startups for 2017, thanks!! 
GOAL OF THE WEEKEND 
Brilliant Peeps talk today with 
Yesssss cannot wait to sing 'In Your Eyes' live at Printworks on sat 
The field goal is WIDE and 
  Fantastic service , fantastic liquid 
Friday was amazing... shout out to the halflight_dnb crew for an amazing night 
NEW LOCATION ALERT! Lower Sackville is NOW OPEN! Find us at 792 Sackville Drive, NS. 
 is returning to Toronto Nov 26! 
it's the official launch party of our 
Good luck to my good mate 
'MAKE IT RIGHT' is my new EP with 
Such an honour to get the chance to wear the Thistle dress again 
Make your holidays a little merrier with 
Herve Renard has been making miracles happen in African football 
DON'T MISS IT // This Saturday at 
Delighted to have launched our Female Coach Development programme tonight with such an inspiring group of coaches! 
Ha! Glad you made it to the end of the 
And i will unfollow right after the race thanks for the memories SHR 
What a day for Gordon Elliott at 
 It’s matchday as we take on 
Great break for the afternoon slump--- thank you 
A company is only as great as the people who choose to dedicate their time, energy, and attention to building the best possible product. Thank you for choosing Help Scout and for helping us create a wonderful workplace 
 -We're the good guys! No added 
Heading to Liverpool this Friday! 
Massive DJ support so far! 
We're counting down the hours! 
Thank YOU for the support! 
Only one week to go 
The livestream of our 1pm service is happening now! Hit the link and worship with us 
Hold the vision, trust the process. 
 August Edition! Tomorrow night 
New York! See you at 
 seeks to unite residents to work together with government and stakeholders in ensuring that the City becomes clean. Join us on 25 Nov to clean up our City 
Tickets to Insomnia62 - the UK's BIGGEST gaming festival are now available! 
Our midfield maestro Diego Valeri has been named to the 2017 
For a limited time, enjoy all of the HANG FIVE pass benefits with individual daily wristbands when you purchase our bundle package before 12/24. 
GOLD!!!!! 
Soon to be heading off to @cambridgeartfair ! As well as unveiling our Christmas plans, stay tuned! Have a creative weekend! 
We would like to say a huge THANK YOU to our buddies at 
We are excited to be the official planners of the store opening today for PANDORA jewelry in PH  
Looking good isn't about self-importance; it's about self-respect 
Must read | Respect is a two way street 
Monday's are quickly becoming my favourite day of the week thanks to 
Todays shows for your aural pleasure... 
YES YES YES! 
Don't Stop Believing! 
We'll give you another clue... they played on the Friday at Leeds! 
 S/O Solotrip for dropping my unreleased last night 
It’s was amazing to learn about all the immersive technology that 
 Start your weekend with great music! Our overall TOP10 are off the chain right now! ft. 
There's nothing quite like going home. Especially when your home is in beautiful Alaska. 
“Instead of planning for what we cannot control, identify the principles that guide us through change”
Offer | Our official compression partner 2XU’s Black Friday deals have begun – 30% off everything including outlet! 
Part 3!! Yes there are that many incredible contributors to the What The Funk video 
What a great night :) Huge thank you to Antrim Phoenix Gymnastics Club and the guys from T13 
"Can you put something like!"What a result!!! Strong character from the team, and the fans were amazing!! 
All was worth it mate, made it as a pro, playing at Stamford Bridge and Okd Trafford!! Can’t ask for anything more, I’ve been very lucky 
Leinster Women’s team to face Ulster announced via 
signed for our house!! 
Right after practicing my "Arararara ororororo" with Femi Kuti 
Grazie mille atmosferadiscoteca for Saturday night!! 
Great to see some of our Girls Elite PDC players in the squad! 
This American Life, in every room of your house. 
Shoutout to our hard-working cheer squad! Thanks for all you do, especially during the 
It doesn’t count how big you are or how experienced you are, if you have passion and desire you have 
Nominated for a Grammy just this week - on Tuesday at the Philharmonie 
Do ur learning walks like this!Great process 4 this powerful, job embedded PD.Especially appreciate "I saw.." vs "I liked..."while synthesizing observations.Check it out. Valentina even includes the forms to use! 
We wrote a new song tonight 
This week we're saying 
This week alone 21 schools (that's over 3,400 children!) added their pin to The 
We're approaching the final month of our 
It's Friday. Go ahead and celebrate. 
Did you know? The 
 David McGoldrick for Ipswich...- Games: 150- Goals: 45 - Assists: 24Mr. Reliable!
We agree - Every. Single. Time. 
"Football gives you a type of freedom that you do not need to carry a white stick nor ask for help"
Ready for our next LoL event 
Cracking morning with the cool team 
Go Tigers Go! 
He’s back with a vengeance, hyped to see 
Matching begins NOW!
I'm hyped about this main card – this is what these nights are all about... What are your thoughts? 
Wow a clean sheet for the very old old cat and through to the next round 
WiLD Thoughts! Thank you San Jose you were amazing! 
Thank you for another incredible weekend. We can’t wait do it all again next year! 
Swizzler now takes GWorld! 
Congrats Grayson P on your fabulous tenacity after months of practicing you are now a Keyboarding Speed Demon!!! 
No festive menu is complete without lashings of cheese. We’ll take ours in glorious deep fried mozzarella stick form, dunked in chilli jam by 
CEO's take action & establish 
Interested in our smart air quality tracker? Grab Flow at the best price now. 
"Daphne's new album stays true to who she is as an artist, the songs digging deep and highlighting her soulful voice." - 
Listen out for Prince George's favourite show 
I am shook. That was mesmerizing. Thank you 
“Yo, this is who I am and this is how I feel about certain things. Fuck with me or not.” 
In case you missed it, 
When you find the perfect Secret Santa 
So welcome! Thanks so much for joining us. The 
For the first time ever – camping Under the Electric Sky! 
What a feeling!! An epic win for the team! 
 Your going to have a great time!
 Did you enjoy our last TraxsourceLIVE show with the great 
Waking up with a dub got us like 
Some views just never get old 
In Linda's talk today she used the 
Our Spotify playlist just updated with tracks to start your weekend 
We broke down every amazing moment from the Season 3 trailer for 
Our ZURU annual team building was so much fun! 
*20 tickets left at Basing House 
That was 1 epic party 
Aftermovie of this insane night is online! 
Winter Olympics 2018 run up: GB win medals in bobsleigh, curling and freestyle skiing! 
Bayern Munich fans banner to protest ticket prices during their game at Anderlecht tonight 
Being a Magician has always been my dream. Now I'm living my dream
 Momentum is well and truly with the Roses!! It's 49-45!!!! 
All I want for Christmas is a leopard-print coat and to look like 
Woaah. Tanzanians brought all the extra for cultural night. 
Some madness tomorrow evening 
Amen to that, Sam. 
Our creative director Clare will be talking at this 
Did you hear about our brand new Official Ambassador Jake Zyrus? 
Happy Black Friday weekend! There's now 30% off everything on our online shop. Don't miss out on the oatiest bargain you'll find this weekend 
Are you creative, passionate and looking for a start in the music industry? Then 
 i can't resist pressing like button while reading ur tweets
Shapers Saturday brunch and project planning 
That feeling when you realise there's just ONE WEEK until we return! 
The noise was unbelievable...more of this again please! 
Just started A Charm and a Curse and can already tell it is going to blow me away 
NEWCASTLE THANKS 4 HAVING US, CANT WAIT FOR FiRST EVER BIRMINGHAM SHOW W 
Heading to Hampshire today to check out a venue.In other news, 
And just like that, we're back! 
Christmas list done!
Our new mini-LP Kid Kruschev is out on November 10th. First single "And Saints" is out today 
Thanks bro - much appreciated 
 @rikkicarman @juliahenschel Creativity involves breaking out of established patterns in order to look at thing… 
My ABGT250 closing set b2b w/ Yotto is now up! This was the best way I can imagine ending such a magical weekend 
A real honour to be nominated amongst a list of incredible artists. Thanks 
Are you ready Amsterdam? 
What’s the most effective way to reduce sickness at school? The clue is in the hashtags! 
 We'll take it! We're excited to be #11 on Crain's Best Places to Work 2017 list.
On this date in 1973, 
The Sequel Namibia will be at The Great Pop Up! Sunday, December 3rd. 
SURPRISE! Dressed in disguise, 
When you reeeeally need to shower but nature keeps you waiting 
We won a prize at Baseball Hack Day 2017! 
Huge congratulations to our School Apprenticeship Champs, Sarah Barley, South Hunsley School and Julie Honour-Jones, Sir John Lawes School - finalists for Apprenticeship Champion of the Year! We couldn't be more proud! 
Now available Scantraxx: 15 Years of Hardstyle (Documentarty)! 
Patrick Murray puts through a 30 yarder 
My mind says Bluebella but my bank balance says 
I absolutely loved my hair tonight done by the gorgeous 
Happy birthday to my best pal 
Chris Lorenzo at Tank TONIGHT!!!
Getting figgy with it. Our fig & walnut baklava. Available for this month only.     Recipe by 
And for those wondering who wins, here's the answer. Juan thank you 
Two techno titans behind one track = 
Pop over to our Facebook page to be in with a chance of WINNING a meet and greet with 5 After Midnight at our Festive Spectacular 
Thank you to those that brought them along this morning 
Thank goodness it’s the weekend! 
TONIGHT & TOMORROW our kitchen will close at 5pm because we're hosting the wonderful 
Best spin bike of all time?! 
Scores a hattrick to singlehandedly take his country to the World Cup. Stands at the back in the team photo. The most humble player ever 
What racing legend Ivan Lintin does in-between winning Isle of Man TT's is simply  amazing! 
Amazing! Why not head down and say hi if you're in 
These crispy duck umeboshi, little gem lettuce, plum sake sauce and cucumber are making us too hungry! 
Ready to start 2018 with an amazing classroom culture all families can be a part of? 
Arsenal 4 life!!! Shout out to all the loyal fans! 
Huge Props!!  
You owe it to yourself to own Allie and Rosemary's 
“The Government have announced £5.4 million in funding to launch the Centre for 
 This is just the beginning more bangerz and success...Congrats on your award 
From QMUL School of Law to the Civil Service, read about Niva Thiruchelvam's amazing 
Very proud of this creation! 
Happy Sunday!! 
So excited to be here! Miigwetch 
 in 1992, I scored one of my favourite career goals for 
When Irvine rock Jingle Bells 
Looking for those learning level tags you're seeing on so many whiteboards being shared here on Twitter? They're available on the Visuals page as a free download! Here's the link: 
Polular with bands like King Gizzard for its lo-fi sound and great for recording guitar amps - hire the EV635a on the site today for $15 
 It's game day! 
How incredible is this!!!!?? Our first LA pop-up shop!! 
Pizza & football on this Sunday 
Massive love to everyone who made it down to 
Let's have your best and brightest from you tomorrow night 
Congratulations Sarah Clarke! The first female Black Rod 
It's a tiny little London! We loved bringing all the elements to life together with 
"Donald Trump has to be impeached" 
Still #1 the channelO top 30chart 
Having a Thanksgiving party and need some ideas? I've got you covered! 
The Killing of a Sacred Deer 
A few more shows left for 2017... Let us know where you want to see us in 2018! 
"People want their stories told. It should be done responsibly." 
We're live! Head to our 
Such an inspiration!! 
What a start to day two!Stuart Broad traps Peter Handscomb LBW with the third ball of the day 
All things are bigger & brighter in TEXAS 
Hands up who’s just found out they’re moving to Sussex this September! 
On serve, Novak Djokovic... and Radek Stepanek! The 12-time Grand Slam champion announced yesterday on Instagram Live that the recently retired Czech will join his coaching team in 2018.We can't wait to see that partnership in action at the Mouratoglou Academy! 
A “Situ-Asian” like no other before, achieving something no one else in ONE history has – put your hands in the air for your new simultaneous two-division world champion... ONE Lightweight & Featherweight World Champion, Martin Nguyen! 
Thrilled to have been able to work with you Xnthony 
We're incredibly proud to live in this exciting, dynamic city 
My little sister SMASHING IT 
 supporting both education & healthy lifestyles within the local community 
My thoughts on today’s Champions League games before they happen. What do you guys think?Shoutout to 
Our team got bigger this week 
 When you realise it's the 1st of December and The Varsity Match is next week! 
So happy to have won Best Online Consumer Magazine at the 
LITTLE MIX, THE VERONICAS, SAMANTHA JADE AND CYRUS! All of them are performing tonight! 
Support your local Mom & Pop Skateshop. If your city still has one. 
If u dont feel like u fit in, in this world.. its because ur here to create a new one. 
He did it again! Bronze medal for 
Thank you to all of our Year 1, 2 and 3 Student Reps for all of their feedback in today’s SSLM! 
Always feel so energised and inspired after our meetings 
‘Tis the season for giving! 
This is what the most spirited student section in the country looks like! 
Mist Pink by the Fresh Flower co. Loving those millennial pink hypericum berries. 
 gonna pull away in the second half 
Unofficial results...we have our first XC All-American in program history!! 
@daisywintersthefilm is coming to Los Angeles from Dec 1st. Check out the new ad in the 
1 WEEK TO GO Here's the stage times to our mini-festival with 
So dope. We’ve also got these for sale at our shop in Miami 
Let's be real. You need the Katrina Dressy Backpack in your life
Ummmmm.... yeaasssss!!! We’ve been wanting to go since you know when 
Right on! Those gals were FAST in the tough mudder race 
Tonight’s Widowspeak show at 
Chapecoense goalkeeper and plane crash survivor Jackson Follmann took part in in his first training session with a ball yesterday. Love this. 
This month Do Not Adjust Your Stage are taking The Wunderkammer to 
MY STORY ABOUT GAR(B)AGE BANDS & IMMOLATION IS JOYLAND NYC'S MOST READ OF 2017! 
today marks the 7th anniversary of the release of Kanye West’s My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy 
The first week of Chester Christmas Market has been fantastic! We hope you’re all enjoying it as much as we are! 
Congratulations to our Students who started rehearsals yesterday for Jack and the Beanstalk at the 
Thanks for your support, Matthew. 
REALLY excited about this book and an awesome project we have coming along 
"Mysteries abound where most we seek for answers." -Ray Bradbury 
Take us back to three weeks ago today, when 
An incredible journey! 
We're excited! 
Looking forward to participating in today’s 3rd 
MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ON FRIDAY!!!!!!!!!! 
Looking forward to mentoring the likes of 
See you this week Europe! Tag a friend who should come to the shows 
Let's go back and do it all again 
...received the masters of our upcoming EP on Dennis Cruz' 
*BEATS AND CLEATS*It's finally here again 
Camp Randall... let's jump. 
Honoured to be shortlisted for the One-to-watch award 2017, thank you 
TEAM ANNOUNCEMENT: We are back in 2018 with a new line-up and sponsors. Read more about what we’ll be getting up to next season 
Let's 'Break It Down' with this newest 
Welcome, David! We hope you enjoy your visit 
Julie Ebersole from Paper Trufflez is going to be LIVE on Facebook tonight at 7 pm PDT. 
Tomorrow we'll announce the teams joining us in our office 
At 5pm we'll be joined by 
That long holiday weekend feeling! 
This tune is mad. Old school garage Steve Gurley bootleg vocal. Sounds tufffffff 
Literally counting the days before I see 
Thanks for helping us pave the way, 
Our CSTAR Slack app has been featured as New & Noteworthy in the Slack app store. Cheers, 
Great to see the respect between these two legends of the game 
Both ReStore Dartmouth & Halifax are taking part in Black Friday 
We're excited to show off the 
21,565 opportunities for better, joined-up care can't be a bad thing. Well done 
Overwhelmed by the amazing day I had yesterday. Because I'm an emotional wreck at the moment, all I can say is thank you to all staff and my fellow 
The biggest congratulations to Sentrics very own 
'Mad skills, kick ass tunes, cheeky as f**k' 
It’s what you guys deserve for creating a brand that finally every boy and girl of any skin color can use 
Pre sale is 12/8!In store 1/12 
Want to revamp your organisation's approach to performance management? It's important to identify the right strategies for your business culture and objectives 
If you wanted a rematch, you got it! 
Special thanks to the awesome One Dance UK Dance Ambassadors! You were brilliant this weekend! 
We have set aside £180,000 of funding for youth organisations helping young people across Oxford in 2018/19. 
Crazy to think in just a little over two months we've had an 18% increase in electric taxis! There are now 72 operating in the city. 
Couldn't agree more! 
You have to see it to be it! Love that more kids will be able to picture themselves in tech through 
Dublin's Christmas Lights turn on TODAY
Had the opportunity to visit a big Ionic user this week and learned a ton. It’s humbling seeing teams push the limits of the framework, beyond what we ever imagined 
CashforKidsNI: EmJLyttle ParentingNI Well done everyone!! 
Yesterday we showed you how the snowboarders @primeparksessions went crazy. Check out their skiing edit... 
Last night's early Thanksgiving dinner was banging 
Can we say "Alleluia 
There's a private party taking over our restaurant tonight, sorry for the inconvenience! Come back tomorrow! 
@RABIAZZAHAR thanks for the big up! Right back at you
Good times last weekend at the Diamond Supply Co. x Blitz Complexcon Booth with 
'Like' if you picked up your race packet from this guy today! 
Hurt Me No More has made it into the 
New Monday. New week. New goals. 
We're creeping up on the first 
 oh my goodness, thank you so much for sharing this! 
 teachers (and those in training/thinking about training) sign up for this free (and fab!) Business of Yoga series with the wonderful 
We’ve received 20,270 ETH so far & reached 40.5% of the hard cap. 
When you drop a guitar pick and actually find it... ...
FT: CSKA 2-0 BenficaIgor Akinfeev has kept his first Champions League clean sheet since November 2006 
2/3 Run starts at 12pm from The Bernard Shaw & after we'll attend the BeerBQ brunch with a nice discount for MRC runners! 
annnd the winner of Collaboration of the Year presented by 
Congrats to Brian Cashman on being named 
Our favorite reversible cami now online in BLACK + WHITE
My dad said yes
Amazing volunteers like Julie & Yvonne gave 9,750hrs of their time for 
See you on the dance floor! 
Hands up if you're excited about the new season 
I’ve been blessed with being able to watch so much New patch dota , learning so much from so many different teams 
 Work hard, never give up & be grateful for what you have 
It's arrived! 
It is with great honor to announce that 
Our BMX Racing track, located in Vicente López, it is really close to be finished. 
goose bumps from that and the game billy wow
Had fun teaching a Year 7 Geography lesson 
Hot Margs straight outta the oven tonight. Pi served all evening, and crusts at the ready cos we've got delicious dip for days 
From growing up on a small farm in Brazil to becoming 2017 Stobart Champion Flat Jockey, here’s Silvestre De Sousa’s incredible journey 
When you know you're going to spend your Friday catching up on 
It was a pleasure to meet Strahil aka 
"Is it possible that technologies are creating an illusion of movement building? Are we really achieving change, how can we measure that impact?" These are such important questions 
When your lunch goals meet your health goals 
Cool to see this UV patch on the market after hearing about it in Spain at 
NO MORE BYE WEEKS 
  Sandwiches make us happy too! 
 had the best afternoon on this tour - totally recommend it 
Such a beautiful project! 
 We're happy to announce that we've renewed our partnership as the Official Travel and Hospitality Provider of the 
Ha...Remember it well  
CHAMPIONS!! Our U18's boys with their title! Congrats 
Yassss play that EURO babyyyyyyy! 
LRT: if you want to see how important women’s sports (and the 
Filming something very awesome today...who’s excited for the next single!?!? 
Big result today beating Everton 1-0 away from home. Great shift from the lads & happy with a clean sheet 
Alana Cook joins Davidson, Macario & Sullivan on the All-Pac-12 first team. 
"Make your mind completely blank and have someone ask you what do you want. Whatever you shout out first is your truth." Denise Jones 
We've helped mark 
If you need us, we'll be by the bar with a couple of these cinnamon peach mules 
 to day 2 winner of 50 FREE 
Sara knows where to find all of the colors 
Wigan's Ryan Colclough scored two, subbed off 55 minutes, and sprinted down the tunnel to make the birth of his son...Still in full kit! 
Great news - we’re back up and running again! Hope everyone has a great night 
Who remembers our church session on the Six Flags bus? 
Charlie, I doff my hat for the guy on stage with Stonebuoy.Dude get voice waaaaaa.
Good news for those of you who have asked...CBeebies The Tale of Mr. Tumble is repeated tomorrow at 9:30am 
Happy to have signed for another year with 
Hop wreaths at The Artworks for fall gifting to your peeps 
1 million views & counting!! 
 Geko And Cadet Link Up For ‘Southside’
Amazing! We are taking second game, 2:0! Short break before game 3! Stay tuned
A great first win against Samoa for 
Traffic Wardens are the real MVPs!
 is offering 3 days of hands on 
Congrats again to our Board of Director, 
double the goodness, double the fun here 
2-4-1's from 11-2!!! HHOUR+NoCover all nite!!! And, ANGRY CANDY from 10:30 
It’s here, Indy! 
A rematch vs. the Magic on 
Explore the deeper sounds of house 
He's back. 
We're having  special night w/ 
Two years after I completed my beginners course with 
When you curate your digital playlist from a little shop of inspiration. Primo 
It’s donation day and we have 
Jordan DiBiasi scored both goals for Stanford tonight as the Cardinal, including fellow Rush alum Civana Kuhlmann, advance to the NCAA final 
It's almost jungle time! In 2018, 10 new celebrities will tough it out like you've never seen them before. We can't wait 
We're honored that Great Place to Work names Aker Solutions one of the best companies to work for in Brazil!  A big thank you to all our teams around the country for making this possible!  
check oot this nice little review of the manchester show with 
I love being a part of great teams. Honored to join 
Good night hey? 
Great to be among such innovative initiatives 
After already having received some huge support we will release the amazing 
I climbed over the O2!  
We are super excited to be working with the amazing folks 
The new skipper in fine form! 
Thanks to all who stopped by the workshop last night 
? You can build and nurture your own talent pool 
Don't want to spoil the fun but.... 
 tomorrow night. Check the Facebook event page tomorrow for location of bus and venue. We can't wait for you to get here 
Haha thank you.. You are the “rockstar”. People who are being approached by half of the industry to have them onboard shouldn’t use these “naukri dialogues” ;-) 
My nigga Bruno Mars 
It's a blessing to be working on music everyday. 
Saw Jay-Z perform live tonight for the 8th or possibly 9th time in the last 10 years. He’s more uplifting and more political than ever. And still played so many classics 
Festival days with the whole team! 
Can't tell you how excited I am to be behind the decks with 
 THANK YOU VERY MUCH to everyone who joined us for 
DON will kick off his FUTURE album tour in these CITIES! 
Guess who finished all their tasks ready for the weekend 
This is what we're living for! 
Eibach team member putting our 
This week we analyzed historical rainfall in Palo Alto, CA with CHIRPS data. Shockingly, 90.3% of the days since 1981 have been completely dry in PA. Mostly due to rain shadow caused by the Santa Cruz mountains. Special thanks to 
As of today, our entire music catalogue has had 85m+ plays. Blessed. 
Two gigs this weekend! We can't wait!!! 
The first update on a manual SLR camera system in more than 25 years! Reflex set-up to bring back there SLR 
 goes on sale tomorrow at 12pm PT! Purchased your 
Finally arrived in Leeds, count down to seeing the God like genius 
Hit RT to help make HISTORY!VOTE 
First to arrive in Canada.Last men standing at 
Super chuffed to be heading into uni for an exam and 16 hours of lectures to catch up on 
1 week ago we played at one of the best clubs in Spain 
FULL-TIME | Derby County 0 Town 1Massive three points... GET IN! 
When they say “demoted” does that mean he’s in the mailroom now? I believe in second chances, but for most of us that means going to the back of the line and earning our way back whenever we mess up. Do the same rules apply to him? If so, 
We wish you were here with us! 
Find out when legends collide at the Vitality 
Thank you Faye, honoured to Interpret for you all. Steps had all of Brighton partying on the dance floor, truly amazing. Thanks    
Our friends just put out an incredible single called 'Never give up on me". Stream and download it! 
We’re super excited to be in the running for best integrated campaign for Creme Egg Hunting Season! 
Excited to kick off the Gen-I 2.0 Visioning session in LA with key partners! 
Yeah the girls! Women's football inspires record participation rates! 
Massimo from Coffee Run is our penultimate competitor! Not long til we find out who is the Union Barista Champion 2017! Competition is tough and the level has been outstanding today 
That's all folks! It's been a fascinating weekend covering such a diverse range of topics around design and imperialism, with so many questions still be explored...A big thank you to all the participants, attendees and everyone who followed the 
Totally Mild totally nailing their first gig 
Today's the day! Christmas baguettes are back! We can't contain our excitement  
This Saturday we celebrate 15 Years of 
My latest story reached 1000 fans and over 5k claps on Medium! 
A small sample of the several thousand amazing things you can do when you connect 
What a start!!! 
"In the beginning, there was me, I was rhythm."Phrenology by 
I just love love love this band 
He's one of our own!Well done 
A huge thanks to our amazing Student Ambassadors who added so much to the success of our Open Days - such a great team and such enthusiasm and love for IADT. You really made our visitors feel welcome. You're the best!!! 
Another 10/10 beef rib from 
We're back with Fabric Fridays & 
The Honey Badger - what a man 
Our new episode of Fairy Nice To Meet You is suuuper cute!! On the way in today's email if you've registered your fairy! 
It's official! 
Oh please, we ain't got no P'sBecause we spent all our money on some old CDs! 
Throw Down Crew!! Head over to 
Some fantastic news this morning! Looking forward to the 17/18 season already! Well done 
True:) have a great weekend amigo, ciao!
I feel honored to have been awarded the 
Don't miss out! We have a huge 30% off EVERYTHING 
Only a week to go until Panto time at Millennium Forum Theatre & Conference Centre 
I witnessed some real poverty out in India, was never a country I   thought i'd be visiting this year. Shout out to Lady Leshurr, she had a   whole venue full of people to watch her their 
Wow! Thank you for amazing feedback, Juarez!
Yet another successful event 
Sneak peek. Photo-shoot for a Christmas feature coming up in ES Magazine... oh yeah 
There's something special happening in DnB behind closed doors right now. Haven't seen this many heads talking in unison for a minute. 
It’s been such a brilliant 2 days sketching with 
Nah, but srsly... Can someone help us write the script so we can get 
Lifting the Western Conference Championship trophy in front of a packed house... There's no better feeling! 
Good luck to our PR team heading out to 
Gambia Presi Barrow, SierraLeone Presi Koroma inaugurated 1st private television 
Mr Gavaskar posing with my uncle & me. This is why I love hanging out with Sunny Bhai. His enthusiasm & sense of fun 
We’re extending our Cyber Weekend Sale to Sun. Dec. 3! 
What a save this was yesterday by Nick Pope 
LA! Mark your calendars and go hear 
Kirkwood Mountain Resort will be opening for the 2017-2018 Ski Season this Wednesday, November 22, 2017 
Olympian. World Cup winner. 10-time national champion. Good luck in your next adventure, 
First 10s for @MissGAtksinon and 
This is the last one for me on this magical island of Ibiza! See you  
Delighted to of trained my 20th winner today since we had our first runner 4 months ago. Thanks to my owners and staff at Warren Chase. 
Exclusively inside Sunday’s NLP: From one legend to another 
Raise Up The Pressure 
Pay Plus, Get Premium. Get a 
Congratulations Amul,Anshul & entire team 
Huge congratulations to all of tonight's winners, what an amazing year of children's TV! 
Christmas has come early! Guess what everyone...we are now open on Sundays!! 
Did you think we’d gone quiet now for the rest of this week guys?O no.... we’ve got a little something extra coming your way later today... 
One month until Fall Jam!! Are you ready?
I am a dyslexic athiast - I don't believe that there is a dog in heaven.  
The main card is only getting started and it's already crazy! Whose corner are you in tonight? Let's talk 
Platte County Football District Championship Hype Video 
rundstyle at about 5.30 this morning still going offf 
'Anybody can do anything at any age.'We couldn't agree more. 
Sometimes you run into people who change your life for the better. Those people are called bartenders. 
Introducing the Official Poster of the 2018 FIFA World Cup! Inspired by the legendary Lev Yashin 
After discovering a new love for running in this years marathon, 
FIRST LOOK: Omg! 
We've got the brilliant new video from the fantastic 
Out of hiding/ How He loves/ Good good Father by 
Looking forward to exhibiting at ad:tech London this week. Use our code INMOBI15 to get 15% off your ticket and be sure to come and visit InMobi at the event! 
Day to night to late night, check out how 
8 Hours left, 
It's a pretty special day when 
Get thee down to thefibreworks that have a ginormous restock of 
BTS ARMY! Top Social Artist winners 
Great taste in jackets, this one 
Dream Team is an understatement! 
Start the day with positivity and expect miracles 
How you feel when you're only $500 away from your goal 
We head to the USA w/ 
Salmon or tuna?  Why not both!⠀That's the beauty of 
Loving all the support on 'Until The End' with 
Crazy busy day for us. Thank you all so much for coming to our stand at the 
 x 20!Our historic run in SEC play reaches another milestone.
Oh the beat is ON! If you're here come say hi to us and the legend that is 
Delancey British Alpine Europa Cup Squad member 
We are so proud of our shortlisted authors! 
Los Angeles based online magazine 
From local lad to home hero. 
Tickets are now on sale for my Irish tour
Drums and scooby snacks. Thats our Tuesday night 
Morning to one and all, hope that the day treats you well and 
 Introducing Time to Render - Reformed! Come join us fellow render artists and any other inquisitive minds 
Aw thanks guys! 
We're back to raise the roof 
THANK YOU to all volunteers, sponsors, vendors, attendees & BBQ restaurants! This festival is impossible without YOU! What an amazing day
F r i d a y  N i g h t 
A victory for the people! The law is on our side. 
LandShark Lager - what lazy Sunday afternoons were made for. 
People of South Wales you DO NOT want to miss this! MOKOCardiff is gonna be levels 
From struggling with English as a recent immigrant to becoming a successful YouTube influencer 
Good luck Will & West Ham today
Not3s - My Lover // Directed by me!! Too gassed to share this with everyone 
It's that time of the year again getting ready for 
Ring making last night with Maggie Cross at 
But if you need another one, then we've got VIP tix for the price of GA. Oh yeah! 
Our first game of the festive period is almost here!Three hours... 
Class having a couple of teamies in here - well in girls 
Raise your hand if you're ready for 
Some good environmental news today as the European Parliament votes to 
Next steps: marking more HTTP pages as "not secure" in Chrome
had such a blast cooking last night 
It's the last day of the 
I love these pics that lizny3 took in my studio today. 
The Collegiate Dota 2 season is almost here! Upcoming changes are sure to keep it exciting! 
Make Plans for Bar Smith Tonight 
That was a happy accident! I ran into master Nozaka san in daikanyama ! 
 to summer when we came across this live action from Conseu.eu 
'Home Love' is out everywhere now! Follow the link to hear it 
Stuck in NYC traffic,windows down,guy in a Mayo jersey cat calls us then asks where we're going, I've never been more proud to say 
Received First Team All Conference DE
 Great day spent at the derby track with the guys from 
The best evening for my Grandad’s 80th, in his local working men’s, playing bingo with ‘bookies’ pens, eating pork pie & cake, & seat dancing with some crazy jive arm movements led by my Grandad! 
Looking back on last time when@Amnesia_ibiza destroyed London's Dance Floor! Back this Saturday at 
Can’t pay we’ll take it away 
 wrote a little article about our upcoming ALL008 release by 
Congrats to Lily (9th Grade) & Morgan (11th Grade) for receiving 4th Chair in Honor Band & 2nd Chair in Concert Band yesterday! 
‘Inner Herbal Essence.’ 
After his huge bibbo at Birds of Prey, 
Smashing the House In Liverpool with a new one of mine 
Damn it's good to see bands like 
What a second set! 
It's LAID BACK SATURDAY club_trance Osogbo, Organizer hotel opp.NUT Osogbo..
Too much of our planet’s wildlife is poised on the edge of extinction 
Turn up the Radio for another massive line up of shows we have up today 
"Where sexism is the problem, feminism must be the answer" - 
Panto season has arrived. Yes it has...and we've got tickets up for grabs 
Presenting some of the hottest new music coming out of Manchester right now... 
The Erasmus+ successor programme should promote volunteering and its impact on local communities and young people 
 YESSSSSSS. Can't wait see you tonight
Don't be disheartened by the things you don't have. Be thankful for the things you do have 
This is going to be good. 
COMPETITION: Win a pair of 
ALL about this!!! 
Very excited to be the Consumer Challenge winner for 
 Through a VERY generous donation from 2 
Are you ready? Tomorrow, the season begins 
This Cincinnati-based truck driver went from 300 pounds to 45 marathons—just wow! 
If you could go and see any show right now, who would you want to see? 
There’s a lot to love about our Festive Winter Salad, but it’s all about the Wensleydale and caramelised pecans 
Kids of the 90's rejoice! 
It's November, which means only one thing...The return of Eggnog!! 
Now that’s a look of victory! Congrats 
The Free Christmas Mail service starts today 
We're very proud to support Camden’s bid to be named London Borough of Culture 
"I have lost 10lbs & I've gone down a dress size! Mentally, I feel stronger for having completed the course, and losing weight has helped to improve my body confidence." 
When we are all so busy, you have to remember that some days you just need to stop, sit down and enjoy that cup of coffee 
Tis the season of mulled wine & bratwursts, as the 
A thing I wrote is the the Stage! 
It's the first Advent 
This "Young Dumb & Broke" and "Thunder" mashup is perfect 
Today!!! 
Can’t wait to perform with 
This is amazing!!! 
Need more music to play in my shows! If u done any awsome tracks I should play at my gigs, feel free to send it to promomikeperry@gmail.com 
“You are a creative individual” - yeah I am 
We've arrived at Bury St Edmunds for the 
Fall essentials on lock. 
Should you share social media messages more than once? 3 reasons why we say *yes* 
Aaaand finally.... Yesss! It's RACE WEEK, lovely people! 
To celebrate album release day, feel free to stream 
That winning feeling. 
We got some great news today! We've made it into the top 10 
R I S E A G A I N 
Get ready to catch all the feels with 
Don’t forget to sing up to our next event on managing your career! We’ll cover salaries, asking for raises, and CV reviews! 
LA!! See you at Belasco Theater on December 28th. Bring the energy and good vibes! 
When you REACH. YOUR. GOOOOOAL!!! 
This morning we read that Uber is likely to run for another month while they appeal 
Awesome work guys!
 “Game Over” EP out Friday with writing and production contributions from 
Congratulations Coach... your love, passion and faithful spirit made us Champions... The Lord said " do not be afraid, be courageous and you'll be blessed." 
C’mon down and take a load off. Not all our pieces are at @edinburgh_art_fair ... but we bought more walls anyway!  
Love styling a floral dress with a classic trucker. Love the fringey sandals 
Woohoo, Singapore is at #1 too! Let’s keep this going 
Ok PETeachers at Wembley you can imagine the challenges 
So here’s what is coming on next 
America here I come! 
D U S K Y
One thing comes to mind... 
Preeti Vasudevan: Stories by Hand opens tonight 
We couldn't be more proud to have this group of student-athletes represent 
Check out the brand new song from the 
Thank you for Saturday and making it an amazing day. 
Look whose getting reps between the pipes at practice!!  
 don’t forget to tune in to listen to this one!
Heads Up Blues! We've got 50% (And more!) on our 
Happy Birthday to the man with the most Swaggg ever, love you Papa! 
A huge congrats to Dr. Andrews 
AMP Lost & Found ambassador perks 
What a week! New bike launch and the end of our best-ever October with 973,321 hires! Thanks so much to all riders, we salute you! 
What a start to campaign!!! 
DIM SUM & DAIQUIRI TUESDAY 
This Girl Can Week - Activity 2) VS Pink Yoga 
Climpon's Coffee Bar 
“One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.” - 
We're a resource page.! 
Thanks to everyone who joined us in raising 
Steaming hot water vapor! 
Start your weekend by putting forward a special person for a dream Garden or Home and Garden makeover: NOMINATE THEM NOW! 
More than 1.5 million people play Australian Football 
Wow. In great company as part of 
 Sustainable Athleisure Brands on Our Radar: Girlfriend Collective and ADAY 
Girl, SAME. 
Where Velvet Cleansing Milk gets its name 
 YOU LOOK AMAZING OMG!!!!! so excited to see your killing it with this outfit 
... and once again! He's back with a bang and this time it's 
This just reached 400 upvotes on 
A huge THANK YOU 
We can't wait!!! 
We are absolutely delighted to have secured the contract for the LED sports lighting on the latest 
R E S P E C T 
Invest & build movements not moments. Mission driven, social change before sellout. Of place. Integrity core to 
When you remember the brand new series of 
Supportive + collaborative university partnerships across the country at the heart of this. Great example in 
Check out our latest work for TED_ED  , with a lesson by the great Mr David Dunning. 
We won guys, we won!!! 
Carbs on carbs and I don’t have to get out of bed. I’ll just be here all day 
// really lookin forward to doing a show with our good pals in 
It looks like we've just found our new season coat in the Black Friday sale 
We’re delighted to announce 
Brilliant post by my former student Rhys Herbert on why cycling to Keele is the way to go! 
Celebrating our Everyday Heroes. 
HANDS UP who loves personalised goodies? 
We're kicking off our Thursday hosting an Interfaith coding class at 
Day 3 of the Fall Classic is here! Tickets available online + at the door 
Go and see. Best piece of theatre I've seen... Maybe ever. 
$10 million dollars for 
If you missed our ‘Building Your Team' live-steam last week for 
If you’re on the fence about buying or subscribing to the Arousor - check out this review! Thanks for a great video 
Thanks for being a great customer, we truly appreciate it! 
We're getting excited now... 1 more sleep until 
So proud to be a part of First Drafts 
Some seriously sweet announcements last week.... next year is shaping up pretty nicely! BRING IT ON! 
We still can't get over last week's star appearance from 
2 tickets have become available for tonight's sold out pop-up 
 He's back! 
Fantasticly encouraging words, well timed for my post 
Man we all Like obama at some point in life. 
“I like to try to encourage people to focus on solutions and not the problem, because worrying about something doesn’t change it.” - 
What a lovely comment from ex-Dragon 
365 days of ground-breaking arts and culture 
5 million tube journeys a day in London. 5 million occasions to agree that Plastic is NOT fantastic. Make a dent in the 8 million tonnes of plastic that end up in our oceans each year! 
(rainy) Saturdays are for the beers 
‘Sir Roger Hunt’ 
This FRIDAY!!! Be part of the community and come and watch the 
 women lie man lie, but numbers don't lie. Hearing the numbers of high profile listeners this morning. Yooo
when you remember it's the first $1 beer night of the year and you don't have to work tomorrow 
Help kick off the giving season tomorrow by joining 
Tomorrow is the day! The DII XC Championships will be live on 
Where would we be without the very first 
 number 8..  Guys let's get it up..  Keep requesting 
"There were a few different mentors in my life, and they made a significant difference" - 
We're 4 DAYS away from 
So many kind words 
Like For Real!!!  
When you want some great home made Scottish food, there is only one place to take your family. 
Remember the days you prayed for the things you have now, prayers go up and blessings come down 
We're so excited to see you all at 
Wort & yeast getting to know each other this good 
WEEKEND! Go with the 'FLOW' by 
We have announced our 2018 schedule! 
Only three more nights of sleep until 
Our favorite Nudes all in one photo 
Thanks a million for hosting us 
"It's not laziness to give yourself time to recover" 
 - Congratulations to the top movers on the latest 
Weekend!!! 
Such a killer afternoon spent learning from our talented breakout leaders 
It’s happening- the Climpson’s coffee bar at Old Spitalfields Market is OPEN! The 360 degree coffee bar experience 
First FA Cup game of the weekend on the box tonight. Can’t wait for Monday night! 
Did you hear? Pete, the CoderDojo Foundations Community Lead for EMEA is a new ambassador of 
Amazing rest day spent exploring Waiheke Island today 
Why wait for the weekend when we have newly available mid-week reservations? After all, fantastic food should be part of every day 
Keep it up Newcastle, 38,000lbs lost and counting!! 
Nothing like some pre game piano playing 
Know It All Challenge on RIGHT NOW! Tune in to see if Mark can take the champ 
Some of our amazing employees raised a whopping $13,000 this 
First dual meet of 2017 
Looking forward to top twenty night! 
Leo's opening his new restaurant Londrino in London Bridge in November. We can't wait! 
Loved filming the fab volunteers at Kings Cross Station for 
2 hours 45 minutes til kickoff.BIG thanks to 
This is gonna insane 
A BIG Congrats to our 2018 
England's youth in 2017 
Welcome to our new series introducing you to all the incredible women powered by Keychange! First up it's 
Those voices...WOW 
"...it's hard to beat NETGEAR's 
We're so pleased to continue to be part of your journey 
Big strides being made by Horse Racing 
mura been nominated for 2 Grammys. gunna get messy in east london tonight 
Y'all be lazy as hell. Sort it out! 
Take it from the man - John Jenkins plays live at Studio2 tonight! Doors at 7 
This quote from Sport Newcastle Patron, Sir John Hall, is providing us with all of the 
Last chance to get your tickets to see 
When you’re not nearly as dead after going hard at 
Which parks are you enjoying this Black Friday? 
A warm winter afternoon calls for a festive drink with nakedturtlerum! Recipe below 
Get your tickets for Senior Day today! 
Great to see SheEO Venture 
Delighted to have the Irish Women's Rugby Team join us earlier tonight! Wishing them the best of luck in the 
At Peter Whelan's 
Share your favourite joke to win a bottle of my finest… Must be Captain themed 
So in a week of big announcements, delighted to say I’m filling the massive shoes of 
Absolutely love embarrassing this fantastic man & today we did it in spades! Love you dear leader 
Thanks to our fantastic UK Approved! Partners for joining us last night for some festive drinks and canapés (and great conversation, of course!) 
Denim your way. Just in time for your night on the town 
“Heaven come, fill this place, from glory to glory and grace to grace...” - 
What a day. O-H! 
We had such a good day yesterday, got to Number 2 in ITunes songwriters chart 
Kung Fu is My Fighting Style by 
Nick flying up for a rebound against Harvard! 
Do you want to leave your mark on the Olympic history? 
Really glad to hear. And that Tusks track is 
Hey Sunday, we're ready for you! 
Number one on trending already and only been live for a few hours! If it helps one person, it’s worth it! 
Full house already at the 3rd 
 Quiet night? Our pick of tomorrow's UK 
Its an honour to be selected to perform alongside some Londons top djs at an event to help raise money for a charity called Mind (mental health charity) letd do this!!
 We're delighted that the brand-new 
2017/2018 Season Tickets Are Now On Sale! 
Check out our incredible new shirts from 
Our Youth Ambassador, 
Mark Gable from The Choirboys! This is paradise 
 hands up if you're having a good time 
Honored to have been awarded a finalist in the Product Category! 
Did you know we're doing a street food residency at 
It’s finally here!! Shop my brand new lightweight water-resistant down puffer, for just $72.95 (Today’s Special price for just 24 hours 
 keep it up man, love your craft 
Do small things with great love... 
 Powerful words from 17 year old Khyati Chauhan during the 
I'm literally tearing up as I see my close friend 
More than ready!!!
Just waking up now, Big shouts to all the supporters I see at my shows in Bournemouth, Southampton & Brighton over the weekend 
In need of midweek plans? Look no further, 
We're super happy to have the excellent Brudenell IPA from 
extremely proud of everything this mans has achieved, glad to call him one of my best friends and also one of my biggest inspirations musically 
 for Footasylum Womens in the brand new 
Love the food in our café - served all day and includes our 
 YASSS It's time for a great show Ron Placone:
We're down in Hertford tonight, free entry show! Followed by Manchester tomorrow. Let's do this 
Sending lots of luck to all of the PGR students getting their results today 
It's amazing what you can find when you work for your turns. 
Little prep today for UK tour starting next week Oct 11 
Best of luck to the 22 boroughs that have submitted bids to be named the first ever 
Oh yes! A delicious IPA from 
 Festival is back! YAY! 
 faculty, students and alumni joining forces to make a difference 
After calling numerous stores in NYC....Thank you 
An incredible night at the LA premiere of 
 this is the sad state of the human mind....72,000 tickets sold, 4,000 no shows and 68,000 in the stadium....this is a guy who almost auctioned his Bentleys to dare to dream, come on Africa, we can do better! Big up 
: It’s time for Shop for Success! Excited to be here with 
Who wants to come to my LA show Sat? Giving away 5 pairs of tix! RT this by EOD. 
No better place that those giants mountains to take off and fly 
Our men's basketball team is also undefeated at 7-0! 
Selfie from the place I've called home for 38 years 
Well done, Olivia Grace. We think you are AWESOME 
We want to give a Big thank you to 
 | Hey Students, looking for a way to destress this week? Give yourself a Brain Break, and check out these OPEN GYM times! Brought to you by CAA and 
Hello North Americans, get around me over the next two weekends 
The wait is almost over, 
Well done, Kevin Steward - winner of Saturday’s £1k Super Draw 
Rnd 1. Win 1 
 // LUNCHTIME CLASS LAUNCH // 
Whoopwhoop! Got the new 
Palace is now playing on Lost In The Woods on 
Seems like a good excuse to get the Royal-relay out of the archive from the 2017 
Our handle has changed! We are now 
when you feel the weekend coming... 
 IT'S OFFICIAL: 
That first bite when you've been craving a burrito all day 
Nows your chance to take those babies home 
What a way to start the day 
We are proud to announce - The Annual 2018 with 
GIG ANNOUNCEMENT:Us and 
We're proud to host the first gathering of the 
First day of tech in this beautiful building 
Don't forget to get your hands on one of our Limited Edition Bobby Moore Cards before they sell out! All proceeds go to 
Out today the fantastic new book 
Offering performance and quality at unbeatable value, the Octane Q35x is the ultimate total body workout elliptical! Get an extra 10% off this weekend in our Black Friday sale! 
Also received our home game poster 
Hiiii Saturday night! 
Last night's shindig with 
This is definitely the quote of the day 
Amy & Ellen, 14, two of our fantastic Campaign Champions, report back from a very busy month of campaigning! 
Special shout out to our foamy, caffeinated, chocolate dusted friend 
DD Perks members can celebrate the Patriots win with an 87 cent medium hot or iced Brown Sugar Cinnamon coffee all day today! 
Read our latest blog, courtesy of our friends at 
NEW STORES// ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀Fred Harrison CEO of @ritchiessupermarkets who agreed to range our milk on the spot (amazing 
We're so excited about this afternoon's Speedmatching! Brining together the amazing team at 
Our best deals ever have been extended to 
HANDS UP FOR THE 2ND VOLUME OF 
Another unexpected bucket list accomplishment 
The Leederboard is looking great this week! Congrats to the top 10 schools, led by Fung Kai Primary. Great work! 
It's here; The Show Of Madness w/ 
Same angle different trick 
Thank you for voting for us & BIG congratulations to everyone in the 
Good to see French-Californian friends 
 The Changelog #271 
December 2nd is Bartender Appreciation Day, and we want to thank our great bartenders, as well as to you! Head over to Facebook (
Good luck bro! 
Nearly 2 weeks in with our crowdfund & 75% of our target raised. 
FOCUS ON | We catch up with sisters 
Really excited to be heading to Nottingham and coaching after the euros 
 & Paralympic gold medalist 
Getting Excited about Ski Season ??? SO ARE WE 
 You is a Magician . No bad song at all in your Magic album. 
The 33 players who have earned a European Tour card after today 
SO PROUD TO PRESENT "MY PROJECT, THEIR REALITY" THE DOCUMENTARY!! MOVIE WE FILMED IN AFRICA AFTER LOSING ALL HOPE WHEN WE LOST CHINX & MAX B WAS INCARCERATED FOR 75 YEARS! THE HEARTWARMING FILM FEATURING MY BABIES 
G R E A T N I G H T 
Our Bristol event has now sold out. Thnx for your support Bristol 
"Everybody needs someone who's always going to advocate for you" 
Check Out The List Of 2018 Concert Tours You'll Want To Get Tickets To ASAP 
wooooo I am just seeing this. I really appreciate you guys. Thank you so so so much!!!!!! 
Thank you to everyone who visited us at 
The best times with gr8 people!  
Exam done and tickets booked for 
..... And happy birthday to mummy 
Jan 22nd seems like a good night for some 
The video from our March meetup at 
ICYMI: England have reached the final of the Men's World Team Champs in Marseille 
Our dev team just launched a brand new interface with powerful features packed in the new Log Server 2.0 
We're so pleased to be 7th for 
Come sing along to these "Cakeified" holiday carols with me & the HTCI gang on Saturday December 9th during Camp Cake: The Holiday REMIX! We'll be baking THREE delicious holiday treats together during a full day of live stream baking on Facebook! 
No hero, just doing the right thing 
The close bond and special connection that 
Who's going to see 
Ahhhhhhh!!!!!!! 
Let's play a game of "where is the obvious place to be this Saturday?" Price: Guestlist 
The little one has arrived 
Wicket 11 is the best!!! 
We’re thankful for the great partnership with 
 Want to win a MEAL FOR TWO? 
One's on water, the other's on ice - but they both wouldn't be able to compete without your support 
Thanks for all the messages of support.
Kat: For all the Plows working hard out there! 
Marathon 12 nailed down in Tralee. Next up, Manchester Marathon in 2 weeks. 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! We’re so thankful for over two years of FG, all our amazingly talented ambassadors, and all our wrestle friends & clients! So we’re offering free shipping and extra goods in all orders with the code THANKS 
If there’s one thing you do tonight listen to this 
From stocking stuffers to sparkling skirts, Tommy's holiday collection has something for everyone 
A beautiful pitch for the 4s LOB cup match away to 
We're empowering girls by giving them the opportunity to take part in a once-in-a-lifetime conservation trip, where they'll develop crucial life skills 
you guys are amazing! flawless translation of a beat em up to Mobile, game design and controls are delicious, so intuitive, cheers for being so sensitive on the development! 
Listen to our latest GASH mix courtesy of Aoife O'Neill 
 IS TRENDING YASSS THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!!!! 
BREAKING: Sevilla coach Eduardo Berizzo revealed to his players that he had cancer at half-time of the Liverpool match last night. We wish him the best 
Light reading, lol! But the first 4 bullet points are 
It was a privilege to present our work across 
YAAAAAAY!It gives me untold joy to announce that my show "NOT A ROLE MODEL" has finally found a home!It will be available next month EXCLUSIVELY on brand new social media platform VERO 
Awesome man! It’s what we do! 
STMM x H&C mask now available 
First time I’ve ever been to 
Congratulations to all this years MOBO award winners. So much good music this year 
That’s a wrap on this run! Thanks so much to 
PDC | A big thank you to 
Will the Fintech Wall of Emoji be making a return for the next 
Not that impossible. Who will join 
It’s cool to see 
Announcement! 3,550 photos for the Face of SOT collected in 29 days. Epic and on target! 
Smashing DISSIDENT xSun Valley colt makes $170k 
We’re broadcasting on Facebook Live with 
Autumn jogs through Regent’s Park 
It's almost time… Our 2017 
From non-league to the Premier League 
Grab a shoebox and fill it with items from this list and do something awesome for the homeless this festive season - drop it to 
Punter/QB/LB/TE...Our guy 
I’ve got brow kits, w/powders in several different shades, great eye brushes, plus a lash serum that has helped my lashes & brows grow back in
When someone's photo is so good you share it as soon as you see it 
Up your sambo game this lunchtime!  
Today's the day! Sunday Funday with 
We are extremely proud of our accredited coaches, tutors & all those involved with the 
 - we loved striking a pose 1 week ago with 
Pleased to be speaking at this event today about Outcomes from a young person’s perspective 
We Swaggin in the Top Fifteh aaayyyyyyy 
The main events about to pop 
Well done... it is possible 
Brilliant by Savin, who finished on a superb 74 as he opened the batting for 
Here's some more amazing feedback from another of our awesome Inca Trail trekkers! So great to hear such positive comments about one of our most iconic challenges 
One week today it’s the  
 absolutely smashed it this week! You can tell how much she wants it and she worked her lil booty off to get it! 
SWEET PROGRESS. Exciting things are happening this week. More to come! 
Slidin’ into November like... Buy One, Get One Tender Platters all November long at participating locations. 
The Chanel Classic Flap is a true legend in the handbag world 
Been quiet on here for a while as I had some bad news last week, but I can’t stay recluse forever! Hope all is blessed with you all 
The Charity Concert is underway. Wow, the boys sound good
Come over to the store tonight! Free tastings and live music at 9. 
Time to bust out the snow reporting! 13" in 24 hours and 15" in 48. 
My prospective week-end just improved drastically – most Rainbow Quest episodes online 
Chillin' and lazing in the sun all day…Hands up if a rock hyrax is your spirit animal 
All my girls so bad they be foreign, Kim with the body, Rihanna with the faceMo’n jaye foreign, if Kim be the body am Kanye with the tasteShe be Fanta with the colour , honey with the tasteVanilla with the flavour, Shakira with the waist...
We have Sam Lowes with us on Facebook Live at 4pm 
Good news... Our 
Many women were raised to hold other women in contempt, who have the audacity to take paths they themselves desire but are too afraid to take...
Racing toward the end of the week like... 
Japan, thanks for an amazing two weeks. Met lots of friends, ate great food and did plenty of record shopping. Look for lots of content posting soon! 
Plenty of English teams in action in the Champions League tonight
Thankful for people who donate supplies so that all of our kiddos have everything they need! 
Must say we agree. Thank you 
Lottie mentioned in another fab Christmas Gift Guide, this time from 
Can't wait for this year's Just Bollywood 
Another game, another Timo 
What a great start to the week!! Congrats 
Charity & Faith: Thank you to everyone who supported Red Wednesday last week. A terrific £319.16 was raised through the coffee morning, red raffle & sales of wristbands & badges.  Just as importantly, the awareness of religious persecution was raised among our school community.
That was a cool!! 1 hour after a great FP1 session with 
"Nobody can be you the way YOU can be you. It is your distinct, competitive advantage." 
Beatboxing with Lloyd Macey and Jack & Joel ahead of this week’s celebration of British icon George MichaelCheck it out “Before You Go Go”
Signing some posters at the enkeiwheels booth(47035)! 
It's hard to impress an Olympian, but 
"Wow, what a whirlwind since January! I’ve loved every minute – the energy, the pace, the dynamism is incredible and it’s such an exciting time to be here" 
 Guys, this should solve all those skincare questions you have.
If this is your workout routine: 1 - awesome 
We’re incredibly proud to be lauded as one of the top three International Consultancies of the Year by 
Learn how to build a DNSimple Ruby addon with Hanami 
 was banging last night. Thanks to 
Yoh. On MTV tonight: The People vs The Patriarchy 
A legend since 2006. 
It's here!! 
The weather is getting warmer...Summer is just around the corner 
When the bullies called, 
Got personal with a Burmese Python at work. As you can see, I took it like a man Cheers to the guys from  
How long have we been waiting for this one!? 
We need to talk directly about suicide. Let's 
PURE...RAW EMOTION - Nothing beats it when you see an artist completely lost in their music. It's not every day someone like this comes around, stand up 
Whoopee!  An early Christmas present from 
I mean - ya can’t get any better than 
M. Stoneman - 85J. Vince - 82D. Malan - 56*G. Ballance - 51*A strong start for our batsmen 
Bring on Saturday!! 
This is where you should be on Sunday!! Very proud of 
Thanks so much Minsk and Liverpool! Had a fantastic weekend!! Already can't wait till upcoming saturday! Will play as 
Axtone Presents is going live on Facebook at 4pm GMT! 
Oh, just an exciting all-new episode of the 
Wooo!! After a couple of iffy weeks, 
Our second issue of ilkzine is ready and raring to go. Fancy a read? Pop into our office to pick up a copy or drop us a DM! 
Not only does she have a stunning voice, shes gas craic too!!  Yes we'll have 
I spent the day making websites for brilliant and inspiring women at 
Thanksgiving week in full swing in Soho, and the pastry case is looking good. 
That moment you notice your favorite football player ever followed you! 
Fantastic to see our brilliant Ambassadors Brendan Gleeson & 
Like we need another reason to get pumped for 
 The 2018 Test at the Kia Oval is now on sale.
We're still buzzing from yesterday's events! Celebrating 
Congrats, O'Sh! The ultimate teammate enshrined forever 
When you realise you've made it half way through the week! 
MLG Dallas Next week! My 19th event since I started competing 2 years ago half way through bo3. Stacked year ahead 
And we’re so proud to have you in the Laureus Family Marcel! 
Did you know that Norman plays guitar on 'In Undertow'? You know now, listen here to Alvvays waxing lyrical about Teenage Fanclub 
WHAT. A. NIGHT 
Fired up for the new series of Peaky Blinders tonight 
What has everyone saying YASSSSSS? 
This weekend is all about that hotbed of talent 
Exciting things coming from our Brothers and Sisters in Brixton 
This Wednesday we'll be playing at 
Grab yourself a drink & settle in with the whole 1st season of 
This is what it means to win the title! 
 Well done on a fantastically thought provoking, funny and absurd show 
 Watch England & Australia go head-to-head at Emirates Riverside next year! 
Here are my dates for Bahamas guys 
15 years since we were BLESSED with 
Happy birthday big man hope your well! 
 gave me the most joke yesterday! 
I just want to thank my God, my Alpha! 
Season opener is less than a week away 
Over the years £600k given out in bursaries to students in the Aisling bursaries run by 
New XP20's going on the rear of 
 crew! It's Thursday and you know what that means, it's going off at 
The sign is up! BIG congratulations to these two teams. Thank you for representing this area and making us proud. 
It was an incredible event! Thank you for inviting us to join forces and we look forward to continuing this partnership. 
When you can't stop smiling because you know your outfit on fleek 
A dominant display sees the Wolves finally pick up a deserved home win. Very well done, boys! 
The IT-Security world is changing. How about you? Our growing team of researchers, engineers and malware analysts needs you! 
Did a masterclass at Dancefair yesterday! For everyone who missed it, it’ll be online soon! I’ll keep you posted 
BLACK FRIDAY IS HERE! 
Holy passion. We love our fam! Best fans in da lands. 
If we want to change the future for the better, we need a positive beginner's mindset to constantly question, experiment and co-create. Next read: "Abundance" by 
We're excited to be sponsoring 
That's what we like to hear! 
Join us today from 12pm! Welcoming new shops, discounts all round, drinks & more!
December's a big month for us and we're just getting started! Earn DOUBLE for the first 2 friends you invite this month.
Great week start to dive into the complexity & importance of 
Did you know that? Get to know us via 
10 weeks to go until the Six Nations 
Well done!!!! 
Restorative and challenging. There's so many reasons to love 
...that first beer after work 
Welcome Let There Be House Head Honcho Glen Horsborough on Vamos ! 
Pt. 2 of my little thank you note to show my gratitude to everyone that contributed to the What The Funk video 
If you subscribe to my newsletter, check your inbox for a 
Northern Ireland has a new hero 
Such an honour to be involved, what a fabulous night! Thank you to 
We’re incredibly thankful for you, Knight Nation 
Also want to thank everyone at 
New single ~Bright Lines~ out Friday, artwork is this 
The cat's out of the bag 
What a boss!!! On the podium in one of the toughest races I can ever imagine. 
Guess who's in the area? 
Not bad getting a great review from someone who knows 
Good news - the Fort Bridge is now open! 
Fab to see 2 of our Donegal Clients on the National Airwaves this morning! 
We already have 99 RSVPs for the Xmas event with 
The average weight gain over the Christmas period is 5 pounds, but with a little help from Scottish Slimmers that doesn't have to be the case! 
turn on: family oriented person
Absolutely outstanding Scottish talent, could listen to this song all day long, go check it out! 
Bristol! This is happening on Tuesday 
Big thanks glad your feeling it 
Igor Akinfeev has kept his first Champions League clean sheet in 11 years. Finally! 
History made! We're in the quarter-finals of the 
Be quick... we've just released some more tickets for the 
In a few days, Brisbane’s Sciencentre will close its doors for renovations reopening bigger and better in 2018. 
Dream end to a perfect season! Victory in 2WD on my home 
2 DAYS TO GO! 
Good luck to all those receiving A-Level results today 
Go timebanking! We love it when our members get together and share their skills and knowledge. Timebanking benefits us all and makes us all stronger 
Feedback of the week: "Shoes are hard to order through the internet and Happy Returns made the experience easy. I took the risk knowing the return would be simple if the 'shoe didn't fit.' The representative at Happy Returns was also friendly and efficient" 
Workout for Water tomorrow at the Time Capsule! Help raise money for a brilliant cause with our Les Mills Mash Up 
Fresh off his second career triple-double, will we see more of the same from Lonzo Ball tonight!? 
Finally the wait is over .Now we are able to add multiple projects in the same workspace 
We have started a newsletter - sign up now to receive 10% off code 
2. Eating a plant-based diet means you also dodge the high amounts of saturated fats sometimes found in animal products, potentially avoiding high cholesterol and health complications later in life 
EAC was honoured with a Hall Of Fame Award last night for Best Activist Organization at 
We are honored we got a chance to play in 
Heading home for some wedding planning? Don't miss 
It was a pleasure to host the very first 
Great to see some of our ex players turn up to support, in particular legends of the Red shirt 
My pick for best rock album of 2017 is Play Dead by 
On the 10th of december I will come back to my roots in Belgium to meet my fans at worldkarts! For all info, go to 
It's all happening in London right now 
It has been over a month and I'm still not over it! Still thinking about it. Still need to watch it again. Kind of speechless. 
We are proud stockists of STEEP SODA 
One of the most electrifying goals in the history of hockey, Doc Emrick with the call, still gives me chills 
TONIGHT!!!! 
Stella panel! All doing such inventive and fascinating work 
'Cluttered in stuff, cluttered in mind.' - 
Who's excited for Analog (After Dark) on Saturday? We are! Craft beer, music and of course, VINYL 
It's the time of year when catching up with friends and family is at the top of our list. So here's a handy blog post of places around Ireland, where you won't just get good food, you'll also get some delicious cider by yours truly 
Our Special Sauce Burger is looking mighty fine in this pic from IG: cinemapdx. 
FitLiving UK 17 - wish we were back here 
Absolutely! Our activist General Secretary 
Nigerian couple give out brand new cars, expensive souvenirs at their wedding ceremony. 
Finally! sublime-like CMD+P behavior in 
 coming in clutch with the brand new Silverado for $13 bucks a day 
Remember you can download our Bitesize app on iOS and Android for quick revision on the go: 
Looking forward to meeting everyone at the Image Business Woman of the Year Awards tonight 
Christmas is officially ON & 
SASS & LESS w/ NPM imports (!) has landed on 
Words of encouragement start any day off right. 
Get in the mood for House Drop coming Monday with this guestmix by 
Great support so far!  
6.45am Saturday with rain about to set in. 
Glorious Mint Hot Chocolate 
We are thrilled to share our latest work for 
Exited about this one! With my bro justin_pak_music, Previews up soon! 
This!Reminded of amazing talk from 
Cape Town... what can we say? 
We are super excited for the Ireland v Fiji Guinness Series match this weekend
Woohooo d only1entry of a star repeatd again n again by only him
BLACK FRIDAY IS HERE!!! GET 25% OFF AMAZING DESIGNER BUYS RIGHT HERE > 
The first finals results are in from the 
WHAT. A. WEEKEND. 
Super impressed with ranked so far. Just for the simple fact you play people at your MMR a CoD first 
Churros for breakfast? Yes please! 
It’s Warehouse Project Day 
10. Great choice guys and congratulations Andy Moor 
Nice spotlight of our friend, Ron Lewis! 
Enter for a chance to win a trip to LA to party with The Last Man On Earth cast… on a booze cruise 
That honor. The one and only 
From the team that brought you the miracle that is Skillet Lasagna, another book for outsmarting weeknights 
What an AWEEESOME premiere tonight!! 
IT'S MATCH DAY 
Lost my car parking pass so had to put my negotiation skills to good use tonight- eventually got out of the car park 
Artist: Silas Onoja strikes again, with another masterpiece
Lucky us! Mr. Di Lucca has an ECMO patient on Darwin - our dream team are back together 
ROLL CALL >> Who is ready to see the best Queen tribute band perform LIVE tomorrow night?! 
"These are the 25 best inventions of 2017"
Soz Fonts, avoiding the 3am Birmingham bus followed by 9hrs of Uni yet again. But now 
Some awesome words about EQUATE! Check out the full review: 
My remix for DJ Yeni will be out this Friday on her imprint Cyborgs in Love! 
Delighted to report that the trapped seal in Port Talbot has been successfully rescued and is now at a specialist wildlife centre 
A massive thank you to everyone that participated in 
We are SO excited to share a new video with you on YouTube today. 
Trying to stay fit... I needed that run today. I feel good. 
Such an incredible accomplishment, 
It's a Miami thing. You wouldn't understand 
It's gameday! 
This week!! 
We've been doing good at the soccer kicks and header shots recently. Let's keep it going. 
FAMILY PHOTO!!! 
Hanging out with Dolly Parton, y'all! She couldn't have been a sweeter, more gracious person to interview. Truly honoured! 
LORD! It's so damn fresh!! So damn appropriate. The ONE AND ONLY, REMI GRAVES, live till 2pm on 
Breakfast workshop on fetching client docs for efficiency with 
3) New Orleans elected their first female mayor, 
Ladies and gentlemen, Marco 
 we are enjoying  our second vinyl "MoBlack Sampler  Vol. 1" incl. Mabiisi - Baakoya ( Armonica Remix) 
What a game... Well done Galway!!! 
Noooo.. no chance in November.. plus if I remember rightly it was very itchy last year. Il be revealing what’s on the show soon though 
NOBLE LIE, the first single from my forthcoming debut album. Produced by mr 
 Your Union Station location is EVERYTHING 
Leave the office with a true sense of accomplishment this Friday with DropTask. 
We can't wait to publish your book next year 
This looks ace. Packed with amazing artists loved by 
If you aren't seeing Library symbols in your file, make sure to restart Sketch after updating Abstract for our plugin to reload correctly. 
History is alive and personal! Listening to 
The most awaited single day passes are finally out. Grab them before you miss out on your chance! 
Awesome growth in Aussie Rules participation this year 
What a brilliant hashtag - 
Ultimately very limited edition of my obsession 
About to GO OFF tonight 
We're still reliving this epic moment from 
We're thrilled to announce that to Sue Williams, 
LONDON ONTARIO STAND UP 
 was just the beginning of great things to come for 
Dripping Springs,TX! Y'all ready for  tomorrow? We are at 
 3 WEEKS TO GO! 
Who has a release tomorrow for our New Music Friday blog? 
Empowering the international career women of tomorrow 
Imagine Dragons did amazing this year. They really deserve everything. 
More lighting & lasers being installed for Saturday's party. You are in for a treat 
Take note: THIS is how you do a magazine cover 
Well Done To All Involved That Helped To Make Hobs Moat Christmas Event A Huge Success . Well Done Annie & Caulie 
Join us next week for talk w/dynamic expert Lydia Soifer
You seriously need to write a cookbook. 
WHAT A GAME THIS IS! 
Loving @whoistomfox in our gymwear 
Who's ready for the legendary 
 What a move for Dylan. From 
1 week left to apply to our amazing range of UK internships! From Creative to Business Development, Marketing to Programme Planning... we've got tonnes of fantastic opportunities open for applications. Apply now via 
What band / artist would you love to see make their Main Stage debut at 
 said it best:"I told you! If you go to Notre Dame, you can't leave it in the officials' hands."
In Boz we trust. 
I'm often asked to share the 
ppl designing new lessons at our 
Yay! Such exciting news for 
20% off all issues and prints this week only...yes, that includes the recent Sweden issue release! Visit 
I liked 7 tracks from this week's 
this must-listen to remix of Flume's 
It's live! Thank you 
MY ALBUM IS FINALLY OUT! Tell me which track is your favorite 
We can't wait for 
All set .. Hect simulation Med Ed.  non technical skills, tutorial tests , raring to go 
When gazing out the window gives you views like this 
Peep the heavy teaser for the new 
 happy birthday to a day 1 
 Hope you get home soon but glad you’re enjoying the soundtrack
┆Yay, we've been selected as a 
grateful Cohort 4 participant here 
21 years ago today 
So much coming up on today's PItch Talk! 
RETWEET if you're thankful for this game! 
The imperial assault app is finally being talked about again and a new article by fantasy flight! No date yet just says coming soon! 
Set times for tonight's 5th Birthday business at 
Started with a talk & ended with alternative finance solutions for hubs. The amazing duo that is 
As proud sponsors, we're dizzy with excitement for tonight's 
We have a packed house for tonight’s session of 
 IT'S GAME DAY!!! 
Thank you to Tom in the Hat - for donating in Tesco Birmingham today 
It's game day! 
Fun day shooting our new 
From the bottom of our hearts, THANK YOU! Today, on 
I'm gifting this to my mum for Christmas, best book I read this year 
"Credit to the Indian people. It's been a great World Cup. The atmosphere has been really fantastic"
Hosting the biggest student party in the country tonight // 
Last chance to pick up tickets for our demos tomorrow in 
Today is the International Day of Persons with Disabilities! 
We've been going for about 12 hours! About 4 more to go then it's onto a plane and away!! 
Yes it was great yesterday thank you 
Well done to our award finalists 
Have you heard this yet? "I got goons" by yours truly 
What an amazing analogy to a great band. 
 Congratulations and we look forward to seeing you on the 
Really looking forward to it ! 
Hey Martha, you took us to church and back 
It's finally Friday 
Great times on the road so far. Bristol   - see you Oct 15 
Hands up if you're excited about RT24 Training Course in Belfast!! 
 THANKS to new followers!
Ready to ship out this collection of Eeveulution poros! 
Oh shit it's nearly time for the annual 
We had a number of milestones reached this morning. Congratulations all! 
FASHION WEEK // FASCIA WEEK What is fascia? Why is it important? 
Super news Switch fans, 
"My responsibility as an artist is to remind people that human beings are better when they work together. That in times of suspicion we need to dramatize possibility. In a time of nervousness, we need to dramatize optimism." 
Our General Manager is featuring on 
Do me a favour? Go vote for the Amazing 
A race for all ages! 
Last night we had a sneak peek at the 
Miami, here we come! We'll be first landing in Doral and and Miami Lakes 
Yes! You'll see me there next week 
We're SO happy this is a thing now!! 
Got any exciting plans for 2018? Now you do 
It's here - our new Fairtrade and organic collection has arrived 
We're so happy to be branching out our Feeling Funny programme to work with 
Love this...been getting a spectacular reaction. 
Women empowering women! 
Done deal! Another two years 
Another Training Camp in the Books!  To be around amazing people and future leaders = 
Savory lobster salad in toasted mini croissants are definitely a summer favorite 
The new programme for January to April in the Millennium Forum has been released 
Happy Birthday and a huge congratulations to Mediskin who are celebrating 3 amazing years today!! 
SO MUCH FUN hosting a Christmas market for businesses supported by us at Virgin HQ last night. Check out our story of the evening here and meet the awesome entrepreneurs behind 
How brilliant is this going to be?! 
Novel idea...Elect people who aren't sexual predators. Promote people who don't go around grabbing asses. Idolize those that can solve problems without a fist or a gun. In other words.... Women! 
Delighted to see HWCH 17 alum 
We sure understand why so many names are supporting the club mix of 
 in 1882, Tottenham Hotspur Football Club was born! 
  Lost count of the number of mentors,colleagues, restaurant staff etc who told us how fab you were-thank you,&well done!! 
Great opportunity for young people aged 11-15 via 
THANK YOU FOR HAVING MY BACK GURLLL 
Love getting to share my story, thank you 
The World Leaderboard this week: 3 UK schools in the top 5, led by Taoist Ching Chung Primary in 1st place, great work everyone!
Lovely times at Club Lakota, Bristol on Friday 
“I became HUGELY successful - yes HUGELY successful,” in her 20s, says 
Looking for some tunes to get you in the mood for the weekend? 
Des Moines tonight!!! See you at 6:30. Find me at Des Moines Social Club. 
 Thank you for the memories! Chris Coleman - who guided Wales to the Euro 2016 semi-finals - leaves his job with Wales to take over at Sunderland.More here: 
My team at work was awarded £300 for good performance. We pondered what to buy as a reward... I am pleased to say we all decided to donate every penny of it to 
 A day filled of inspiration & collaboration. Thanks to 
The (frankly) incredible level of support I get from 
Great little show at Tottenham Court Road for 
 launch selfie with young people and First Minister 
"We'll start 2018 in a really positive way." 
He came for the qualies. He leaves with a trophy.Filip Krajinovic was one of the feel-good stories of this year's 
Incase you missed it we are sampling today in 
A great opportunity has come up with 
Thank you coming, Wayne!
Don’t worry. You’re landing soon. And nothing that happened before this moment matters.
Forget Burnley v Newcastle. Enjoy the final minute of Padiham v Widnes instead. 
We're so lucky to have such great people to work with! Big props to Helen for everything that she's doing to help people! 
When the whole family is pumped for tonight’s extra-long show...See you at 9pm on 
Cheers to the last month of 2017! 
over welcome dey worry you boss!!!A selfie wit yu  no go bad,,,till I catch you 1day at JIGGY'S LOL
Hair ties for guys? We can get on board with that. 
20 minutes until our final 2 for 1 sale of 2017 kicks off 
 Our final two batsmen for DCCC's first-class 
Congratulations to our PR team for winning at the 
 Tom almost won brawl on points"draw" but won overall.MVP 
When you say last cast and it finally pays off!  
We’re in today’s 
The best place to celebrate 
We're glad it helped 
 Bad Art, Bad Ethics, Bad Explanation: On the Guggenheim’s Removal of Artworks 
Loving the enthusiasm! Keep the love and support for 
An exciting few days ahead 
Magical morning, Lough Currane, Waterville 
Did you know... you can now sign up to be a monthly giver towards entrepreneurs around the world? 
It’s a BEST EVER World Cup result of 5th for GB’s 
Off to see my first full 
My dad always told me, "Surround yourself with good people." I think he'd be pretty happy to see the awesome people I get to work with. 
Really looking forward to sharing the stage with 
Looking forward to another top quality evening. Try and make it if you can otherwise follow the live tweeting from 
 let's smash some shandies tonight bro!
When two become one... 
A seven-year-old lobbied for our local paper to run the comic strip Phoebe and Her Unicorn. The paper thought that was a great idea. And now the strip makes its debut, and the kid interviews creator 
can't wait for this!!!
When you score the game-winner... 
 love the new Howlin’ remix 
Hurry Up Guys!! Grab the last chance!! 
Need a favour from my pals pls 
12months on from the start of the last middle 8s too let's hope we can get the same results as last year and make more history for the club
Part 3 of our crazy day at 
To celebrate the 7th anniversary of 
Thanks to our marshals have a good and safe race!  
Travis Scott loves fan art 
Have a favourite goal from this season? Make your pick now for the 
Happy to read all the good comments about our latest track In The Air!
Big news! "Escaliers dorés" is 
Anyone freaking out about this trailer as much as we are? 
I wrote this sometime around March this year before i deactivated my instagram page. I'm not crazy kanti. Someone somewhere is supporting my view just on a different platform. Thank you 
Always standing room only for Gospel Sunday during 
Happy birthday to one of our ALL TIME idols, 
1week to go!!! 
Look who's back in stock! That's right, it's our Laura Ashley Mr Jones tile 
For the gents who have taken up running for weight loss 
That makes two of us! 
"Wololo" for joy with today's 
Virtual Reality headset shipments are on the rise 
One proud Dad in Llandudno last month 
Congrats to the Speech & Debate Team for receiving membership into the 100 Club! Top 21% in the nation! 
Hear some new tunes on my guest mix tonight 
Day 2 of "Opening up to an era of social innovation" is starting now! 
Already love peru. First bus experience and they're playing 'can't touch this' on loop. HAMMERTIME 
24 hours later and were still trending! 
Totally on my list to try! The recipe really does look fantabulous! 
This just in...WOOHOO!! 
Once again obsessed with this song, on loop.  If there's a song that can put u in a better mood, I haven't heard it 
"School-based health services are a win for all of us — parents, teachers, the community, and ESPECIALLY the children who need these services but may never receive the help they deserve."Amen to that! 
Really proud to be in this video by the brill donors at 
Best group of guys ever 
So proud & thankful to 
Let’s go Broncos! 
 We were named one of the best 
Peachy, sour and tang with a clean finish. 
Maybe my fav mixtape I ever did. Would love to hear your thoughts 
YES YES Antonio Valencia!!!! 
The soaring riffs and lush pads are sure to set hands in the air! Grab your copy of the new 
Coming soon! We chat to 
We want everything! 
Cleveland We Here!!!!! Get Your Tickets Now And Meet Us At The Wolstein Center Tonight!!! 
Yeahhh we're brewing big lady composer plans! 
Fank u. Luv u. 
We couldn't do what we do without our amazing volunteers. Thank you for a fabulous 2017! 
We are full, thank you, thank you, thank you for all the support! 
We have made it to 4 days old! 
Woohoo! Just registered to attend the world's largest conference on happiness and wellbeing - Happiness & Its Causes - with none other than 
CHRISTMAS HAS COME EARLY AT THE F1 STORE 
Tonight is Halloween but also the night of another sold out Cocktail Masterclass! 
 Goals, corners, 
Double tap if your favorite part of Thanksgiving is dessert 
 Hey! I included you guys on a new post covering projects disrupting the blockchain ecosystem 
So today's the day, my book 'Wrecking Ball' is available, so grab yourself a copy 
Voting has now closed to find the winner of 
And of course to the wonderful woman who led us into battle in spectacular style - Mel Giedroyc 
I can't wait to get my hands on 
"Talking to the adults was my favourite part of the day”, the 
Are you a young woman under 30 in Glasgow with time free Wed & Thurs this week 9:30-16:30? We need you!! There's a space on the interview panel to choose our next Director. DM us 
Who has sampled one of our great tasting beers? 
IT'S ON!!! 
FIND ME.....for the cause! 
Omg it's happening!!! 
David De Gea felt unstoppable against Arsenal 
Awesome to see people deploying Tailwind sites already! 
Bricks, mortar & graffiti... thanks for the feature 
PREMIERE! After the wild success 'Tribesmen', 
B O O M 
Jared and Bobby share their insights on the main stage at 
The Golden Gateway Award in India Gold section at 
50 points past the wallabies... Scotland brilliant today! 
NYE is gonna be a good one 
We're looking forward to it too Conor! 
Can't wait to meet everyone 
The Work & Sweat Behind The Results! Another top effort from 
We are getting sooooo close to opening 
Send us some pictures when you're done!  
What a great morning hanging out with RunTogether Hatherletes! 
Super pumped that ANDY C is playing 
I believe that we will win. 
Let’s go baby 
Angola airport is getting crazy 
The power of social media started this & it's doing it again 
Shoutout to our incredible panelists: 
That time last year when I met Howie Meeker at a 
It was incredible to perform at home in London after so long. Thanks to everyone who was with us at Hammersmith Apollo on Saturday! 
My last gig in UK/Europe this year will be this big one 
The Europa League is back 
 Very proud to handle publicity for 
3 days till I see STEPS  
"If we can become synonymous with modern motherhood and provide a way for women to find a community of like-minded women through motherhood, that would be my definition of success." 
When you’re thinking to yourself...hmm it’s been a little quieter than normal this month and then suddenly Kate at 
RT if you can't wait to play! 
Mark your calendar for next Tuesday 
You KNOW we love a good, twisty 
Great focus! We’re sure everyone will have 
How amazing has this year been for women in sport! 
LONDON!The warriors are coming back 
TOMORROW: Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg are on 
Come and work for the Oxford Hub 
 It's going to be GREAT!!
Celebrating 10 years in this incredible funny, creative, cultured and FABULOUS city! 
Congratttts Guys... U jam so well  
New ionicons v4 sneak peek! Update to iOS 11 styles 
HAPPY PHYSICAL TO ONE OF THE ILLEST, DOPEST, GREATEST ON THE BOARDS 
IT'S INTERCEPTED! 
sadly no :( but i’ll be in LA in January writing new songs! i’ll deffo do a meet up 
Only catching up now but so many congrats to 
SWEET LIES - OUT THIS FRIDAY!! 
Who wants FREE stuff!! 
Wow. What a line-up we've had over the past few days! 
When Cavan's best meets Longford's best 
 are you ready for night 2?! 
This is the incredible kind of support/resource we love to see at work for our nation's 5.5M military caregivers! Keep it coming 
This completely sums up the weekend. Thanks to all involved in pushing, challenging and supporting through a fantastic 
Thanks for helping spread the word, Serena! 
Today's Prize...A 16/17 Arsenal FC Home Shirt signed by MESUT OZIL! 
EXPERT ADVICE: 30 lens hacks that will push your creativity and improve your photography 
The higher you get, the nicer it gets 
"Free bleeding may have been weird at the beginning, but when you get used to it, it is the most liberating thing you and your uterus can experience." 
#1 works like a charm — EVERY time. 
The Latest: First wave artists announced for 
I love how when I need or want to look into something 
This month's theme is Context chosen by our very own chapter! The design is by Minneapolis' 
"Good companies simplify for the user, great companies also do it for the team" 
Go Boston, up at unlucky for some 13 in the Beatport charts 
I just made my Price debut! Thank you Miami, that was so so cool. 
RT to say a fond farewell to a true 
Our employees are the best! Through different initiatives, they raised $22,000 for 
I can already tell I'll be broke by 
I knew Ada Lovelace. Let's give the rest more 
i want to give a special shoutout to 
Take A Part work with and for communities in Plymouth - This work is made possible through 
Thanks to our amazing panel for sharing your experiences and such valuable lessons with us! What an inspiring morning to start the day! 
offandon_barbershop that was an awsome night! Thanks to all of you! You were fu**ing cool!
some awesome footage from inside the booth when the 
If it's not on, get it on! 
What an awesome way to begin 
Wine, baking (fulfilling essential mummy duties too) and Ed On play = kinda Christmas Eve (and dinner too!!!) 
Never gets old!Thanks 
Walking out of the office on a Friday like... 
Good on you, Simon! 
Record bookings for the Western Motorhome Show!! 
Long summer hikes are all-time 
Congratulations on your first senior call-up 
Happy almost Friday. 
We made it to New Hampshire! Home of the one & only 
Happy Friday, Carrot community! Who else is excited for the weekend? 
When you get home for the weekend and your Black Friday order is waiting for you! 
We’ll get in one last batch of cinny scrolls 
Screen print your own Christmas cards with 
Hello world! Master in Designing Emergent Futures 
16 Solid Tracks + 1 Intro 
More tickets available for our December date in Leeds! 
CHICAGO TONIGHT @ THE MID!!With the last two shows in Chicago, I feel like we haven't been able to fully translate the 
We're in centurion today!@947BClub 
Not many tickets left for tonight get them while you can 
Project PICKLE takes off, with a new BFF high five 
What an intense night. Holy. Huge thanks to 
TUNE IN to hear the best music from around the globe including Don's VIP mix of TAKE HER PLACE! 
 - Bang BangYhooooo This Track
Whoop "Do It" is Grimmy's tune of the week! Production by 
Coming up in December: Live 
Two things that prevent us from happiness:.. *Living in the past and observing others...* Break the mould and live free
Talk about positive affirmations! This lil girl got skills! 
Making London Sweat Since 2011 
Tonight’s attendance is 2,478. Thank you for your support 
RT for a chance to win 2x Sunday VIP upgrades... Winner announced tomorrow!! Here's our Sunday lineup so far!! Tickets from only £56! 
We can't wait to see everyone at our platform_la popup tomorrow 
Thank you so much for all you're kind words !! Can't wait for you guys to see episode four 
All set for the 2017 Irish Showjumping Awards Gala 
The Talent Factory!!!Thank You To All The House Fans, Producers, Dj's and Event Promoters For 2017
On sale today: 
Rehearsal day 2. Such a dream team. 
Poppy's busy weekend - for 
Yoga update.... I still suck, but the lunchtime class is only 45 minutes 
Was pretty darn cool to meet those cats in 
Only two more sleeps until the final! 
You can also email your bids to: Richard.binnersley@brightwells.comFinal bids must be made before 7pm tomorrow 
Today I launched Elixir, my own sample pack label, exclusively available on 
Our next show is going to be awesome
If you don’t want turkeys killed for your 
COUPON DAY, BITCHES!! 
TONIGHT: post-thanksgiving party with 
Bristol music makers! 
Tune in NOW to hear the fabulous 
Molly’s life lessons 
Is there anything more soul-satisfying than a fresh batch of naan bread? 
Congratulations, Kat! 
It’s okay I’ll always love you Brees
Well done Taoist Ching Chung Primary for your 1st place on this week’s World Leaderboard! And congrats to all our top performers! 
Announcement:You can hear our song on the trailer to the new 
As if I didn’t already love the new 
Morning Parkers! Here's today's 
Our sixpack giftpacks are now available at STACH Food corner stores! Time for some tastings 
Only a few hours left to shop our all-natural, cruelty-free potions at 15% off! Promo code: BLACKFRIDAY15 
We're hanging out with the guys of 
Couldn't be easier to enter! 
  Hooray for our newest Patron Saint supporter: Newfangled Studios - 
 is trending!!!!  Seems there’s a lot of us fans out 
 Put your baggy trousers on and dance! 
Remember what I said? This is Estiva's year! 
Foreigner, Captain America, Frozen, and you 
Check out this great range of LA gear at PAVEMENT 
Great to play host to an evening of fab new writing from 
First session today is the amazing 
Sunday - Hampden ParkWednesday - IbroxSaturday - Murrayfield
One of our British classics... Gin & tonic served with strawberries, mint and cracked black pepper 
The Sunday Select playlist on 
Texas is the state with highest female Hispanic, African American and Veteran entrepreneurs! 
 to this teamwork-focused ideation strategy that Pixar used to produce 14 box office hits (which we've decided to set up at Trello): 
Morning Paul! Argooooooosss!!!! 
#1 in Singapore!! Let’s keep this going 
Not our words. The words of the mighty wordsmith himself 
Have you checked out Hard To Find by 
 Love me right, this track just makes me wanna skip this and head straight to the festive season
Being grateful is powerfully positive and has a lot of proven benefits.At Voice, we want to hear from you:
Hello internet! We’ve just launched our very first podcast in association with 
We’re thankful for things that last, like strong friendships and our sturdy polywood rockers.  
Delighted to sign a new deal at 
There's no lap times, just 
 Introducing our 2018 Roster: 
TOMORROW NIGHT || lounge beats with 
OUT NOW: Most Rated 2018 
A brilliant user researcher and a favourite team member. This is great 
It's DECEMBER which means it's officially Christmas party season! We're so excited to welcome everyone who's joining us this December to 'The Golden Era' 
Schools should be judged on the wellbeing of their pupils, as well as their academic attainment 
Always a treat to hear the highly motivational 
As always, sending  good wishes to Nuno & our team 
A State Of Trance Mini Mix - Week 35 incl. our track 
 Check out this brilliant interactive tool & see which 
Of course we needed to include some sweets at 
My new track “Sweet Lies” ft. Sam Gray is finally out today! 
When your Cluster(Douglass) wins Principal and AP of the year!
One of the legendary producer from Nigeria 
Step outside to get a glimpse of tonight's spectacular sunset 
 remix of Skrillex-right in. Is fuckn great 
Better hang on for this one! 
Join me and learn how to code on your iPhone with Mimo! 
Super cool video from AUSTIN’s show by 
Vibesss...Massive shout out to everyone who made it down to 
Get the date saved!
"When I lost a match I broke down in frustration. Today players lose, take a selfie and put it on the Internet. They make me sick."- AC Milan's new head coach Gennaro Gattuso. 
Looking good!! 
Big big love to the DON 
Can’t wait to see everyone at Chester WH Smith’s this Saturday 12pm signing my new book . Bears nessesitites 
This is brilliant work. Healthcare at it's very best. Good for patient, good for system. Looking forward to hearing more 
H E L L O   F R I D A Y
 Check it out - a lil treat from 
Just a *Giant 300+ list of UX books*
When the whole squad come home in the points 
Who's ready for new 
Can't wait! 
MATCHDAY: Brandon looks as if he enjoyed his mascot experience tonight
Feedback like this is what we love hearing Gary 
Our 1st XI have been nominated and are in the running for sports team of the year 
Good luck! Hope to see you in South Bend for a few weeks in April. 
Here's to brave DJ's & stations like 
As time expires T. Lee finds Stoll in the endzone for the TD. 
 | Mohamed Salah has been nominated for the Premier League Player of the Month award. 
Our lads can be proud of what they have done 
biiiig showww!!!
Live with Armen Miran on IBIZA SONICA RADIO 
South Mancs assembleeeee! 
And Fluff just announced its dates for next year 
It's a busy weekend for Christmas events but be sure to pop down to SWG3 for the Christmas 
The best riders in the world are going to ride at the 
Realizing 2017 is finally almost over 
Yes! Another great resource on color accessibility 
I’ll say. 
Lookie what came in da mail today. 
Sand-boarding in Nicaragua down volcanic sand. That was EPIC 
Corn, avo & feta omelette with a generous dose of 
From here on out, all Sundays shall be known as spiced pear Sundays 
Can't get enough of this one 
Never seen so many absolute favourite theatre women in one creative team. 
Braggin' Rights for Football is back!
All you need to make it through December  
 has been named Modern University of the Year in 
Cleveland Get Your Tickets Now!!!!! November 25th 
 Author adventure to Thunder Bay with fabulous folks! 
 I got it home! After traversing the underground, crazy drunk-fuelled passenger 
Voting is now open for the Overseas Sports Personality of the Year 2017 
Houston we have some extra tix for tnite 
All my Hambro ladies, all my Hambro ladies, all my Hambro ladies, now put your hands up 
TGD Issue 1 hardcover reprint (+ issues 2/3/4!) c/o Abbie Jolene Smith in Kansas City, MO 
10 weeks of broken foot, finally back to the gym today 
The weekend is in sight! 
We have ours on and we see some of y'all do too! 
Have you go What It Takes? 
! -- Tara Priya releases new single 'Fascinate Ya' - premiere
Because the best fall treats aren’t always pumpkin spice 
We're at 53 Degrees tonight for the 
Recap video from last week 
Our 11 festivals are enhancing education, communities, delivering live events & new artworks all year! We're boosting the cultural economy 
Seth Meyers is hosting the 2018 Golden Globes!
A blog post I wrote for 
Finally made my 1st trip to 
ICYMI: Watch our Fueled by Failure Summit at 
We’ve got you covered this winter for a great tasting tomatoes 
It's tomorrow! Just 1 day to go until the 
WE ARE POPPING UP THIS FESTIVE SEASON - CHECK OUT WHERE YOU CAN FIND US & OUR NEWEST ARRIVAL
It was an incredible experience to play for 
Returning to the mothership from Wales briefly. Come and hang with me and drink beer! 
“Beau was pretty speechless after the gallop. He said ‘this thing worked like a real bullish three-year-old’.” Zero can go to Extra level. 
So proud of this girl I want to shout it from the rooftops, 
Together, we can stop bullying! Leaves of what to do wisdom by Yr 3 
MASSIVE new track just released from 
However intense your tastebuds dare to venture, our 
Great support from our Prime Minister 
"Independence and access to choice was and continues to be at the epicenter of the craft brewing community’s vibrancy." - 
Always good to team up with my man 
We have our winners! Trucks on the Map won EUR50.000 and 
Exciting Offer. Steak and Guinness Pie and a pint of Guinness only £16! Come and grab one before they're all gone. 
Just Check out our current Gin Line-up! Some new specials to try! 
RiFF RAFF "iT'S FRiCKiN FRiDAY" EPiSODE 21 iS LiVE FOR YOUR ViEWiNG PLEASURE 
Some good North Korea related news for a change:We have now helped 700 NKorean refugees + their children reach safety and freedom! 
T O N I G H T 
It's one thing to say yes... But to take on 
Relentless Bass from beginning to end!See you tonight 
Another busy interval in the Essentials Shop.  Keep up the hard work! 
INDIA!!! Are you ready to jump?! 
Wow - you’ve donated £3,872 towards our 
Congrats Christiana MacDougall Fleming - our newest PhD graduate - from all of us at the School! Great job! 
An entire arena consumed by sound, light and pure energy... 
Kayleigh Stahlschmidt won a state championship and scored 24 goals in one season. 
Studies show when you workout with a friend you burn an extra 41 calories 
Only two days until the official 
This tweet goes out to all the indie 
Shining a new light on denim innovation — inspired by 
Holy shit union chapel is gonna be mega. Can’t believe it’s nearly sold out! 
Also, this give me shivers 
Ta-da! Almost as magic as Santa, the holiday bomber practically gifts itself 
Thanks to you! We love you! 
I work in Glasgow Women’s Library (
Have you heard?! 
Started from the bottom now we’re here! 
 Excited for my new 'The New Generation' EP? 
A huge congrats to singer & songwriter 
What. A. Voice 
Finally time to make some new  flavours
Happy to have worked on this show.Picking up a bronze for the best mid-morning programme at the Gillards 
Off to Barcelona tomorrow! 
I think I saw today more women than men on the bike 
 was fantastic! Had a great time, thanks for all the questions from the audience and to those who came out 
Felt good to be back playing some footy. Another big week with the boys 
These planets look so good I want to move to one 
Father John Misty's stunning 2017 album "Pure Comedy" is no.4 on 
Our newest Return Bar, 
Have you heard this yet? "U Cant-3" by yours truly 
I think it's more of the environment you and the rest of 
Can you say EXTRA!? 
 Congrats on your founder featuring in 'Incredible Australian Tech Founders' 
Woot! Congrats! 
 Holiday Staff Appreciation Event 
Time to sit back and enjoy, 
Had an awesome stream today— we hit 60 followers!! YAYYY!!
We’re also grateful for the top venue and service 
WOW what a night...it was great to celebrate 
Congrats!!! The medal will serve as an everlasting reminder of your achievement! 
We’re thrilled to announce the 9 
When you walk out of your last class and head into Thanksgiving break. 
 is 4days away,The pound for pound punchliner promises a show like no other. He is out to share with us a part of him that we've never knownCome listen to some killer swahili lines like they serve them in MSAI'm so pumped for this 
We now have air plants! The lowest maintenance houseplant you can get. 
Did you know that our Pro Conceal is available at select 
Our final focus event of 
Show your support for Germany's EURO 2024 bid by uploading your picture to 
DEJA-VU debuted #1 on iTunes (Dance) & #5 in all Genres! I F*CKING LOVE YOU GUYS 
SO looking forward to my first Lord Mayors procession in the FINE City 
All day meeting and BIG things happening
What a result today all round top performance from all the boys huge effort! Great away support 
We're thrilled you had a brilliant time 
Great post about how to know you're a 
This year's Winter Market at our York shop is well underway!!! 
Genuinely my favourite photo from tonight. Young people having fun, celebrating with invited guests and 
Well done to everybody participating in 
Dishing & swishing her way to 
Did you know that students can present to other students on Nepris? 
Great Job Bludd Brothers EU! Can't wait to join the fun! NA Hype train getting warmed up! 
You go, girl 
Very well played in that signature round Jon, wanting to try that jacket potato and cauliflower dish... 
Glad to hear they enjoyed their visit to watch the 
 Thank you for our photoooo today, credit to the amazing 
Our video for And Saints is out tomorrow 
For those who loved the late Amy Winehouse, this is an homage not to be missed, The Winehouse Experience evokes an incredible experience 
Hands up for these inspiring humanitarians! 
The capital city of Lefkosia (
There's been some great things happening over the past few weeks that have shown just how involved the University gets with projects around the city! 
Thanks for supporting the club mix of Keep Your Head Up! 
We can't wait to play for the beautiful people of 
Huge thanks to all who signed up and enjoyed some fine sounds at 
"Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again." - Richard Branson 
Job done in Malmo. Quarter-finals here we come! 
In California the chemicals lurking in our cleaning products will finally be brought to light. 
Watch, drink, & root for the home team w/ us inside Side Bet Bar 
Thanks so much, Alina! Your support is massively appreciated by all of us at 
Looks so delicious! We can't wait to try this recipe out. A great way to 
"Living the millennial dream means quitting your job, driving for Uber and Lyft, and trying to figure it out” - 
Wait… is that interception #3!!! 
Just TWO days until the girls hit 
We're honoured to be part of this amazing line up in London, get your tickets before they're gone! Thank you 
Beginning our Year in Review today...
miigwetch Michael, big thank u 
Awesome job by all involved! 
12 Days of Promos: Day 2. Save 25% on Mugs with code DAYTWO » 
Congrats!!! 
We had an absolute blast on tour 
A big hands up to everyone that road their bikes to the festival. 
Titting hell! Over 30M views now for the very silly little sketch me and 
Guess what? We're expanding to Chicago! RT and tell all of your friends so we can bring our fight against food waste to the next level in the Midwest. 
A city will unite behind these two warriors on Feb 24th! 
Throw your hands in the air if you just won $1,000! 
Today I’m mainly obsessed with 
Transformative Art : In celebration of 
Last game of the season! 
Incredible run. From steady 17th to end in 9th tonight. GG!Look forward to seeing you take the leaderboard next 
One of the stars of our Brunch Club: Vegan Eggs Benedict 
What a day ! Me leaving home at 15 to chase my dream  and me 11 years later making my EPL debut never give up on your dreams 
I'm playing my first show in 
Sometimes I have to pinch myself! OUAS is a dream come true. We are so unique in what we offer.....take a bow everyone involved with OUAS 
Our place is empowering girls & young women in Scotland & if you want to help more girls join in the fun & adventure then we’ve got a place for you too! 
A diverse workforce promotes innovation and empathy, and so we're thrilled to be listed as one of the top 25 small/mid-size companies for women on 
 More Salford Red Devils will be out at local presentation evenings this weekend as 
Congratulations to tonight's skipper and the 
I still think it's Monday... TGIF actually! Off to Birmingham tomorrow for 
AG is obsessed with being great. 
"When healthy food looks & tastes too pretty to eat 
The final 24hrs of our Kickstarter. Tomorrow night our celebrations start.
I just met an elderly transwoman who said "I'm 75 years young... and still a hot bitch!" 
And we just love you!TWO shows this weekend at 
"We hope he can play a big part for us now..."
More beers and better prices. Order your favorites right on the Drizly app. 
How would you like to win tickets to the 
Since 2014, the global entrepreneurial gap has narrowed by 5%. Let's keep it up! 
November shows coming up, hope to see you at a show! 
So chuffed at the return of Raw M.T. 
my my my...happy weekend and shout to the saturday night ravers. 
DON'T FORGET! - This weekend marks the start of our Saturday home fixtures. Join us for the day! England V Samoa will be shown live around the AJ Bell from 3pm followed by our clash with Northampton Saints! A day not to be missed! 
Great drill for ball control, speed and awareness 
Loved being a guest Bobby, great vibe on the show and in 
Oh yes, oh yes! 
Small businesses create 2 out of every 3 new jobs in the U.S. 
Tickets booked for Jane Eyre 
Though the Skins don't play again til Sunday Dec 10 
 CHRISTMAS MATCH DAY!
Deafened and inspired in equal measure by 
Desert Trip High Five 
Brand-new bags, built with all the technical details you could dream of 
Great to see GCSE students from 
We’ve got something amazing coming up with Lucy Fizz later this month 
: 50% off sitewide 
We caught a body with this one 
Those fall Cheesesteak feels though
That’s so great to hear! We love the whole team 
Thankful to be living in a city with Christian radio 
It's been an incredibly busy news year, and the Print News category at 
We love them too! Shout out to 
 culture! We're supporting the bid for Borough of Culture because we know what we can offer. 
You're going to be amazing Barbara! 
Our communications team have made the shortlist for 
Who immediately google'd Preachers on Demand after watching this? 
First wave artists announced for 
Guangzhou, China! See you tomorrow, can’t wait to party with you guys!
Tickets are now available to the ELEAGUE Cup: 
Get those moves ready! It's 
The choice to notch up the BPM for the remix totally transforms this track. Great job, 
 get ready! Shellfish with 
When you remember there's a new episode of 
Hell yeah!! 
Gearing up for tonight’s big game like... 
As we near the playoffs, we would like to congratulate all of our focused athletes on their great seasons thus far. 
Thanks so much Ali! 
 What a weekend! What a fabulous bunch of people in a totally AWESOME world of children’s books 
November weekends are for watching all my running clients hit their goals LIVE, thanks to the magic of the internet and my lazy mornings online. 
Looks like Ello changed their logo 
so inspired by my colleagues across this province for standing up for fair employment & quality education. Now let’s end this thing with some good faith bargaining 
 FYI, you've been added as a maker of The Design Directory on 
What a year!Rashaad Penny becomes the first player in 
And who wouldn't want that?? 
 is tomorrow! Time to bring more 'Transparency at Work' and make the job market a fairer place for young people 
Need some more drag in your life? Sign in and snatch up 
  A Cyber Monday deal that’s a win-win. Get a $10 reward card when you spend $50 in 
What’s happening here, soon won’t exist. Being forced to collect, drink and wash with contaminated water soon won’t be an issue for 663M people! We are a movement of young people fighting to end the global water crisis! 
“You can't look stupid if you're having fun!” - 
This man made my day 
The Print and Publishing Grand Prix goes to goes to 'Trump' for Der Tagesspiegel by 
I don’t know how I’ve only found 
PIERRE AND BRENDON TO STAY FOR… 2018! 
We have fans for fans! 
Fresh Spring’s oak smoked salmon 
Blogger, entrepreneur, event planner ... and now we add 
Definitely gets our blessing! 
Hella eager to get the ball rolling againDJ's holla and fellow followers RT please 
There’s no place I’d rather be on Saturday morning than making some picks on 
MA Media & Culture booklet looking good 
 how exciting that in 2 days time we'll get to see you & 
"The best things in life are free and of the alcoholic variety." 
Eis Haus - teaming optical illusions with ice sculptures since 2016 
 That'd be fantastic!!
When you're over-worked, learn to rest, not quit. 
Gray Monday’s call for brownies. Mmm... 
We're extremely proud to announce that international bestselling author 
Such a sexy new vid from our bros & one of our favourite bands around at the moment - 
TODAY. NEWEST REMIXES ---> calypso rose's "leave me alone (feat. 
The moment you've been asking for has finally arrived! Daily lineups will be released tomorrow, and we have added some trance! 
An another amazing class by 
 10 years ago today the greatest live album of all time was released. 
Grabbing some quick lunch at Street Kitchen before heading back out to halls! These were legit the best nachos I've had in my life 
Woohoo! Bring those dancing shoes 
Welcome to beard gang baby bro 
A snow day started the right way 
A great list. We're proud to be on it! Thanks to the 
Come celebrate the start of the season with us at Cityzens Saturday! 
10% off wine cases tonight at 
There’s a new (ish) post on 
A fab weekend in Leeds, and lucky enough to see 
Got a snap with your favourite rockstar? Drawn some really badass artwork? Got a pet that really loves Paramore? Send us your pics using 
Makies in action! Set up at the Big Four is in full swing, and everything is looking SO awesome 
Just saw the results - nice work 
Fun time playing some tracks for 
Hola Cd. Mexico! Slightly plan changes for Picnic Day Party. Due to venue problems the promoters decided to swap to another place: Hookah Satelite! Looks also pretty nice. I‘m on my way to celebrate the final party of my 4 weeks Propaganda America Tour. Are u in too...? 
The U20 will look to make it a 
Another incredible crowd at Adelaide Oval 
Lovely chatting boys, game of the season so far! End to end to end. Roll on MOTD replays 
High praise from the new girls 
When a massive cheer goes up from a group of women you have spent the last 10wks with when the word suffragette is mentioned on the 
Also this came out today! Co-wrote with patrick_patrikios and 
Dueling 18-footers from Spieth and Johnson on the final two holes... that landed us in the 2017 top-10 tournaments 
14 straight Serie A defeats until now...What a way to get your first point of the season!Enjoy it Alberto Brignoli and Benevento 
Dunno about you lot but I'm absolutely buzzing. Bring it on 
Comment below for your chance to get your question answered by 
Yup! We're ready! 
One of our fave funny guys 
Thought you might like, 
 - “Now Global Check-in makes life even easier when checking in multiple jobs” -  
NEW redken root fusion; temporary root concealer 
New tunes winging their way from Liverpool courtesy of the superb 
And the Host(ess) with the Most(est) award goes to…. Nathan Lodewyk! 
Even more wonderful than last year.. Didn't think it was possible! Thanks 
Introducing Share on Remind—a faster, easier way to share links to your favorite content, tools, and resources. 
Here's the Armada Deep tune of the week: 
Wow this is huge! Yayyyyy 
No plugins. This is a real deal!ams_neve 
We have four new roles in our fundraising team 
Autumn is well and truly here!Raise your sticks & give a cheer! 
Anyone else have that Friday feeling? 
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 1-0 SWANSEA! 
Amazing news!  Well done 
 Don't miss seeing 
Like Beyoncé? Then you'll like 
WIDE. OPEN.
Bit windy out there today in Kent.Stack of 
Massive 3 points today to go 9 points clear at the top of the league!
Tonights the night!!! Come and support Birmingham the next wave of Birmingham electronic music, from Hiphop - Techno - Dub - Drum and Bass - 
Look who’s next! 
What an honor to be included!
Off to a great start this morning at 
RT to wish a happy birthday to 
Thanks for stopping by the office and taking such cool pics! You’re invited for happy hour anytime 
DORTMUND I'M COMING FOR YA 
Congratulations on winning the Favourite Artist award at the 
We'll be handing these out again in no time! 
Getting our hip hop on with Justin at 
Full-time: Qarabag 0-4 Chelsea! Job done in Baku, with goals from 
Nice work!! 
Cillian Murphy reveals Peaky Blinders season 4 is coming 'next month' 
Hello, weekend! 
Tried to give a pretty sincere interview to 
When Friday can’t come soon enough 
Great news to hear that 13 yr old Rhys Campbell from Sth London has been found and is back home with parents 
 LMP2 Pole Sitter #36 
Sunday funday in full swing. 
Want to WIN lots of goodies? Simply RT + F all brands tagged in this tweet & tell us why you should win using the hashtag 
We're celebrating BLACK FRIDAY by slashing 50% off the price of our black coffee. We'll have Black Coffee on the speakers and Americanos for half price, all day long. 
"If you know someone who seriously needs to embrace who they are without giving a f**k what anyone else thinks, you might want to slip this into their stocking. Or go ahead and treat yo’self." 
I'm with LOADS of hers. 
While everyone else has baby back ribs, our 
Great to see OpenCFP using Tailwind CSS in their recent UI overhaul. 
Best. Morning. Ever! Loved combatting hunger with 
Connecting these 2 Pacha artists in Los Angeles, CA for the very first time! 
Come meet the new wave of badass tech leaders at our 
You guys... our launch party is less than 24 hours away 
Wow!! What a night 
TUNE IN: Catch SA Comedian 
Tubs played an absolute blinder 
Tracklist for ELEMENTS XII - listen now or download directly to your iPhone via the iTunes Store 
Get down to Oaklands Park this Sunday! It's set to be a really fun day, finished off with an entertaining game with 
That’s one amazing 
Just a couple of hours to go until 
I buy almost all the tracks that I play out at shows. Support your favorite artists!! 
Compete together. Two standout players from tonight’s win in Dallas 
A year of Ragnar in one picture 
Tag your weekend running buddy! Have fun on the trails this weekend! 
App Store Search: How to Boost Downloads with 
Big up to a couple of the guys I've supported over the past couple months being on this! 
1) It's Friday2) We've got a sunny weekend on the way (though cold!)3) We'll be playing 
Ways to get through Monday:
TOTALLY stoked to have the great..a legend Fatima Robinson on 
Two primarily Spanish Tracks are on the Top ten of Billboards Hot 100 chart... soak that in 
Just a superstar halfback cleaning the change room and doting on his friends!
An absolute pleasure hosting 
On a cold Winters day in Melbourne, this is the ultimate winter warmer 
York's tripping out this week for 
PLEASE take a minute and V O T E for our "Taste of Jamaica" jingle we wrote for 
Loving those laces! Nobody should feel alienated or threatened because of their sexuality - we would love to see more 
The incredible 'Body Language' from 
hi twitter! im going to be working remotely in london nov 3-28 (so... nearly the whole month!) and would love to meet up/hang with people! 
 demo car boasts one of the most incredible designs of the year in transportation according to 
Thanks for stopping by our Shop on your trip to Chicago, Carmen! 
GOD will break you to position you, break you to promote you and break you to put you on your right place but when HE breaks you, HE doesn't hurt you, HE doesn't destroy you, HE does it with Grace!!!!! 
Plenty of time for people to stop by 
I'm sooo happy to announce I will be supporting my buddy 
Our guests are also signing placards pledging themselves to support us and the South Wales community
Hearing SOOOO many great things about 
Let's re-live that last game of the season, shall we? 
"I trust my boss, I trust his boss, I trust these guys behind me, and I love you guys..Let's see what we can do." 
To all the hardworking teams that we've backed; we know it takes all of you & it's a real privilege to partner w/ you 
I feel like a billionaire after using Badam-Kesar 
Well well, the time has finally come! This is going down in St-Barth starting Thursday 
“Without women, Europe would be incomplete.” Let’s start the 
Huge congrats to Right Homes who cleaned up with a suite of 2017 
Great to see deadly bands like 
Wow !!!! BEER GOGGLES - the underdog gets up! 
Doors are open at McCooley's Mathew Street 
Does. It. Ever. 
 We need your help! 
 injects €16 million euros into local economy. Thank you for having us 
Last back to back shows done 
Why did we have such a good day you ask? Because we didn't have to make lunch this morning & biked to work 
Fylde coast travel team do the double 
Next Saturday a game not to be missed DERBY DAY 
Legendary duo Gabriel & Dresden will play all night long next Friday at Cielo as part of their new album tour. BOOM 
Hi lovely people! Join us for the first ever Meet the Main Characters of 2018 chat 
Happy to announce a first of its kind partnership with 
We're celebrating the amazing work of our MSWs and a special mention should go to Natalie Coombes who received Highly Commended in the iCARE Excellence Award  “Natalie adapts the care she provides to the needs of the individual" 
Safe travels!!! See you at the game 
Just six months now until we're back in Limburg for the June 1-3, 2018 
Returning tomorrow & Sat Sheffield's street food heaven 
Raise your hands if you're excited for 
Ready for tomorrow's  game
Our ladies are having IV drips and getting ready for their treatments 
Huge thanks for the play last night 
Niniola is hot. Her music is unique.
My new single Bed Bugs made it to the Counter playlist! Thanks 
Did you know you can save dyslex.io to your home screen? Here's how to do it. Now, you can keep coming back whenever you have a question! 
It's RACE WEEK 
Almost 4mins?! Wow!That's no mean feat. Meet my new WCA 
That's amazing Luke, well done. Very inspiring 
A very special opening dance to start the Gatsby party off!  10 
THREE DAYS TO GO until 
Platte County Football State Semifinal Hype Video 
Need some dinner inspiration? This creamy moringa coconut lentil curry is packed full of flavour & nutrients - perfect for leftover lunches too! Get the recipe: 
NEW BLOG: The infinite diversity of the human body by Claire Hodgson from 
Very notable&absolutely fantastic 2c nearly every 
IT NEARLY HERE.... IT'S NEARLY METZ TIME!! 
Isaac Smith has cemented another victory in Hawthorn's 2.2km time trial, but it was a pair of young Hawks who stole the show. 
Wait, you thought we were done? Nope, it's Gift Time!! 
Today is the International Day to End Violence against Women  
The reason why Jeff Stelling won Celebrity Fundraiser of the Year at the 
Yesss!! Congratulations 
My first run in 3 months 
This week's top movers on 
"We're all supposed to be different. I want so badly to encourage everyone to say, 'Who am I?' and 'How do I wanna live my life?'" Ellen DeGeneres on the power of living your authentic life 
We launched a new store! Wanted to get ourselves more gear reppin 
IF the cricket is as competitive as the build-up, we will have a cracker of an Ashes 
Super Tedz returns with yet another AMAZING video. I know he’s my long lost twin. I can feel it in my tail!! 
Dallas Get Your Tickets Now!!!!! November  24th 
Brilliant evening with our West Wales graduates! Congratulations to everyone! 
This pioneering technique could help us fight cancer by multiplying our own white blood cells. Truly incredible. 
And the best player awarded by Port Adelaide was Frank Szekely for his six goal effort 
Thank you 100,000 followers! 
Anyone else binge watching 
Guess we had a little too much fun this past premiere... 'Cause we've confirmed there will be another! SEASON 9 
The impact of a teacher is never nothing. You bend the arc of a life. 
On sale now, the massive 
Only a week until applications open for the High Achievers’ Summer School 2018! 
Gotta love a delivery from my man 
Counting down days to Santa Landing on 2nd Dec. We couldn't bring you Santa in the helicopter without our very good friend 
Lavender. Full vid in emmaportner 's bio. Watch it. 
Washington DC Yall Ready???? We In Show Place Arena On December 22nd 
Break a leg, Shephali and other Urban Soils Symposium presenters! 
If you love makeup try 
 We're super excited to welcome 
Thank you, Aniko! 
Wow! Exceptional... awesome performance 
Lights on Broadway has begun! The window art is on point this year. 
Swaying .... On 100 Million Views ... Just On YouTube - 'Kheech Meri Photo' ... So Lets Nacho 
Glad to have played a small part behind the scenes.... well done team 
It's Friday! 
Phones Been mad this evening! Thanks to everyone for the messages I appreciate them all 
 stand for globalism & want to shape the future, says a study by our friends at 
Happy to announce the brand Afrehia will be joining us too. 
Tomorrow (Sunday) from 12pm we’re hosting @storiesbehindthings instore 
So glad u like them. Had the chance 2 take so many 
So many feels!!! 
Last week Jamie led a cardiac arrest: PEA, 
Kensington Pride mangoes are now in season. Grown in the Northern Territory, they are delicious, ripe and in abundance. 
Babies came to S.L.A.Y hunnnyyyy ! 
Who else is ready for Week 6?! 
Yesterday's first wave announcement saw us reveal legendary dance duo 
One step closer to becoming an instructor for 
Bon Jovi’s been named a 
4 day weekend starts now! 
Congratulations to the 13 Glasgow Warriors selected for the Scotland squad to face Australia on Saturday 
So much fun!!! Thank you for coming! What a great success! High fives to my team for KILLING IT again today. Best folks ever! 
1000 views in 24 hours! Good things to come 
We’re busy planning our 
Had a great shoot with Tina Feng and the crew super stoked for this film to drop 
Teamwork makes the dream work 
 thecapeoxford we're on at 9pm followed by the amazing 
Épisode 5 « Le Classico » with Dorian Thiery dodge002 is now online on youtube! 
NEW video | Three outfits making up my winter workwear 
Reach for the lasers, safe as... 
Matching PJ's with dogs?! Yes!! 
Me and burger nips (
Support our Service Learning professor Dr. Kathy Bussert-Webb tomorrow at her book signing on the Brownsville campus! 
Aalto post-doc Anand Tatikonda is developing a revolutionary & sustainable way to recycle complex metals with the help of bacteria 
One more time for the City! 
Thank you for letting me be part of it, and for inspiring me! 
Young Lions!!! 
It's COMPETITION time! 
The audience broke out in applause for 
We're really excited to announce that our second 
We're here at the newly redeveloped North Port Oval, home of the 
Selfie pod in action over the weekend at our new residency in The Chigwell Marquees - for discount venue bookings, drop us a message! 
This week I've had feedback from 
Been waiting since 04/08/2016 
Come and have a play at our Playdepot today! And don't forget to vote for us at the Family Arts Festival Awards 
Afghanistan’s first free coding school for girls is growing! Check out 
As an all (currently) female studio we can really relate to Sif Nørskov's 'Knowsy Women', a visual encylopedia of 100 of the world's most inspirational women. Article via 
 Double the recognition this week for the Cardinal! 
Two great races to end the 
Saturday morning's are for learning with 
Don't miss this blog written by Advanced Physio 
 just WON the Emmy for Directing for a Variety Special! 
Can't wait, Toby. 
Best part of my job is building new relationships with busy women in the kitchen 
Great 3 wins on 1st day in Dubai with 
Hands up if you're getting married in 2018! 
Delighted to have you with us next year Filipe 
Detroit, Michigan is so fxcking awesome & special. Amazing beer, food, weed, and people. Thanks for packing out the floor tn yawl are the BESt 
Countdown to our Action Summit on Dec 6! Book a ticket at Eventbrite & get a complimentary ticket for a colleague! 
Deloitte Digital= CloudCraze 2017 Global Partner of the Year
Sooooooooooo flipping good to hear 
 ‘Thirty One’ just surpassed 50k streams on 
September craving? We're making paella !! 
101-year-old Julia Hawkins may be new to the sport, but that's not stopping her from collecting world records. 
MOUNT ft. Bright Sparks - "Melody” is OUT NOW - stream/download here: 
 It’s Heart’s 
Meghan Markle has already become a global trendsetter. 
Always good to see this fella. Rugny league legend Adrian Morley 
This. Is. Energy. 
Those sticky buns! 
 He's just as funny in person. Not to mention, his journey is pretty damn interesting. 
Just cause we couldn't wait...Black Friday came early this year, 
'A band that you know that even if they were playing in a bloody shed to their Grans, they would perform as if they were playing the biggest show of their career.' OUTLYA - coming to a shed near you in 2018. Thanks, 
There's only a few more sleeps until our favourite event - graduation! 
Anyone who wants some style, take a look at 
It’s competition time! 
Can't wait for this! 
Demeter USA Certified Biodynamic® Coffee of the Cosmos™ 
I don't know, I prefer to be covered in ghee 
Friday feels! Time to get the weekend started 
It's Monday and we are buzzing for the week ahead! 
Happy 32nd Birthday Anniversary to the captain of 
Bb. Surf Spray FTW 
Can't wait for this... first announcement for 2018 
You’re going to Arsenal vs 
We're hiring a General Manager! The GM is the effective anchor in our small team. Deadline 05 Dec. Find out more - 
It's Interview Time!! 
You're in our thoughts, Mason 
This intimate rooftop venue will play host to 
I loved our interview discussing 
Watch “Throwline Trailer” on 
Oiiiii a rare appearance from the legend 
Do not forget to vote every day. force and it's close to bon jovi this RockHallFame
Couldn't be happier to see any song/act pop off bigger in 2017 than 
Just gonna leave this little nugget of wisdom here for you 
We're big fans of this idea by our friends at 
Truly amazing. You are an inspiration 
Back on one hull & counting the days until the 
Raid support is live in your Alert Box and Event List for those who have it. Can't wait for Twitch to officially release this feature! 
Thx for mentioning Norigami and our events! 
Chipotle just called to say I was PROBABLY going to be named CEO but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway! 
It's ONE WEEK until we bid for European Capital of Culture! Help make 
Such a killer playlist! 
Big thanks to all our brilliant co-producers and venues we've worked with this last year 
Show us the rule book that says you have to have a roast on Sunday... If you want a burger, you have a burger 
The companion album to the show everyone’s talking about is in stores now! 
There's not another person alive that's like Kortni. Get to know her when 
Loving the interview with music legend 
Summer in Melbourne = Football in Melbourne! 
Welcome to The Future of Denim 
"Our industry has the capacity to change the world in the most positive ways. Together we can continue be a force for good." - 
Just watched 'Icarus' on Netflix about Russia's doping conspiracy.. holy macaroni, can't believe these things happen in the world... By far the best documentary I've seen in forever 
Need gear? We got it!Season Members get EXCLUSIVE early access at 10AM! Locker Room Sale opens to the general public at 11 from 
The Ideal Facebook Cover Photo: How to Make Yours Stand Out (With 12 Examples) 
Oxford pop and soul singer-songwriter 
Say whaaaaat?! Thanks 
Congratulations! We're so excited for you to keep growing the 4-H movement in Kosovo! 
Visit the Hamish Wood foyer as part of 
To travel journos making a difference - 
Tis’ the season...to throw a big holiday party 
Fabiani had another busy weekend 
Did you know that 76% of consumers have bought something they discovered on social? Check our the new 2017 Curalate Consumer Survey for more insights 
10 DAYS TO GO! 
ICYMI: Buveur D’Air now has 4 Grade One wins after winning the Fighting Fifth Hurdle 
This happened last night.
Me too, me too!!! Super excited for Friday!!!! Can not wait!! 
We've only got one table left for 
"At 15-years old, I told my teammates that I would become the best player in the world. They just laughed."- Cristiano Ronaldo. 
Join us next Wed Sept 27 in LA with 
Other Voices pilgrimage just around the corner. 
What could make 50% off mains even better? How about your first drink on us! If you want a piece of the action check out our app or our website! 
What a class act! Consistently terrorised teams throughout the tournament; an accolade so thoroughly deserved 
We’re celebrating our support for 
Huge success for the 1st Referee Session, more than +50kids study Referee course!
Time to digest an incredible couple of days 
NOW 10% OFF ORDERS OVER £500 FOR TODAY ONLY!! 
Doors open at The Twa Tams for 
PREMIERE! We believe 
A wonderful 20th Birthday celebration of books in London at Institut Français 
Visuals looking good for the show 
Final tweet of the night! The bad news is, time flies.The good news is you’re the pilot.Until tomorrow, take care and 
HOYEL MERCHANT! WEHDONE O!
We're looking forward to it! 
“And could he play...” 
 A 50th appearance to remember 
Nice little trip to Sandy Lane again 
Ready to book? Search your dates + number of guests and you'll find the best deal out there 
Thanks for the shout, Tyler! That's a giant compliment coming from you 
We are nominated for Norwegian Audience Development price 2017 
Members, say hello to our new e-Newsletter
LET'S TAKE IT TO THE TOP NOW BRO. 
I absolutely LOVE this!!! Doing my damnedest to educate, agitate and advocate! See you at Athena! 
 Vita Coco Coconut Water Giveaway 
Bradford University Pharmacy Team win teaching award 
garnish garnish garnish, it's all about the GARNISH! 
"Be a voice not an echo." 
Ready to start 2018 with a positive classroom community AND a positive SCHOOL COMMUNITY! 
Huge congrats to Johan and thank you all finalists! Also thanks to 
Our FREE public yoga classes in Clondalkin are making a comeback! 
Thanks Amsterdam. You’ve quickly become one of my favorite European Cities. 
Best friend goals. 
 - When you get to partner with the Burnett Family Foundation and donate 
Thank you so much for your support during the World Cup, whether you've been cheering us on in Australia or back home. We love you all! 
Super lovely words of encouragement 
 FYI, you've been added as a maker of Rey on 
Chris Read. Whenever 
Just a standard wednesday evening for 
We're 1-2-Steppin' into this Friday like 
Tobin, Leroy & Beast live from 
Feels strange leaving for a away game tonight later than I would leave for a home game against 
Gluten Free pizza with tomato and pineapple…does it get any better than this? 
Missed that track? Check out our live feed at 
Get ready for tons of new music when 
This smoked cocktail is bloody awesome, @kendrick_bbq 
The last 5 years of enrollment data at Forté member schools reveal steady gains in the percentage of women, which is now at a global average of 37.4%. 
 Happy Birthday Bruh... May Ur Days Be Long. Keep Dropping Em Bars 
I still can't believe the 
“You can be anything you want to be in this world” - 
BLOODY BABES! Be the stars that you are and get behind our 
The BEECast is back !! 
Does DT need a rebrand to get students excited? I'm thinking "how to create wonderful things with your brain and hands"?! 
We took home Best Performance in Export at the Best Ottawa Business awards last night, courtesy of 
How great is it to see this man back out on the pitch this evening 
It’s official we’re open 
DON'T MISS: 
I'm making the nicest looking sitemap today. Thanks 
The finalists at this year's 
Big Daddy KaneMaster AceRoxanne Shante
Way exciting!! 
Fraudsters have been known to trick people into installing malware by offering different versions of WhatsApp. So unless this becomes official, be wary of suspicious links 
The Media Relations Conference is 5 days away! Who's going to be there? 
After all the planning, designing & testing, i'm delighted to get my new GK brand up and running! Please could all my followers RT 
Very cool show announcement tomorrow 
Pop down to 102 the high street Newport to see visit our brand new shop and meet our characters! There are free mince pies for the 1st 200 purchases 
Only 11 days to go until Steel Yard presents 
After the end of our Debut Headline Tour Tonight, we’ll be playing a special free acoustic set at Vinyl Revolution in Brighton next Thursday 7th December at 7pm to celebrate the launch of ‘Eight’ 
This is a really great show! The folx 
We’re all about spreading some Joy and Wonder. LIKE if you live life to the fullest, with our delicious Bubbly Oreo by your side 
This video is FIRE! 
I always loving playing with my Superhero DJ brothers. Its all about the love of music 
Push your career to the next level. 
For your pre-Thanksgiving therapy (Wednesday), we're excited to bring 
A lot to be thankful for this time of year. Thankful our student-athletes have opportunities like today to give back and serve the community at 
We have had some amazing repealers join us on this 
We want to make a game winning FG compilation for our YouTube. Send your game winners to kickersmatter@gmail.com! 
Camping passes are now on sale, Headliners! 
Saturday Game Day: 
Yxng Bane is versatile, too consistent 
2 DAYS TILL EDC 
let's raise 25K 
How is it going guys? We are giving out an i9 processor for today. RT&Tag a streamer friend! 
As always Ryan, we're thrilled to have you 
“body positivity is not about boosting the confidence of people with conventionally attractive and ‘acceptable’ figures. The world already does that for them”Yes yes yes 
Fantastic thought provoking panel w/ 
Quick access to your most recently created builds is here! 
For today's forecast: 100% chance of 
Absolutely tearing the stage up tonight in 
3 hours to go until we're under the lights with guest headliner 
Exciting news!! Here We Stay has just been added to 
SPRING BLOW OUT SALE
I want to see this queen pop up every time I search Canadian gifs from here on out 
Here are the final results from the the women's SB LL2 at the 
 Hands up if you always keep  Batiste at your bed-side!
"Mind of The Wonderful" is back with a brand new 2017 remix from 
Epic times doing what I love w/ amazing people! Thank you 
Not many out there can speak about MJ, north Indian ragas and ‘90s Camden in the same hour quite like 
"How Your Global Business Can Meld Your Company's Culture With Local Culture" 
Hard to believe we are just two days out from these headline dates.  See you all soon!
I was just thinking about this!! An Invasion World Tour has a nice ring to it if you ask me
Looking forward to seeing some more celebrations like these in next year's 
This time tomorrow = Action Woman Awards 2017 
Waders sub Liam Brooks off.
Our 2nd winner will be annonced in the next hour. there is still time to enter.... 
“It seems some men like a revolution only when it’s their kind of war” this piece by 
You ROCK! Thank you 
We're counting down the minutes to showtime with 
But wait! Don’t sleep on our ATL Knights 
Great to see so many youngsters here supporting 
Want some free football coaching tonight?
Special guest appearance by Backpack Kid during the 
Prefer crisps to chocolate? This 
We’re crazy for Saturdays and can’t wait to see you all in store!!! If you’re into comics and games then look no further. We’ve got a stunning selection 
Hope y'all had a good Easter! We spent it fist-pumping and dancing front row for the godmother of punk 
Catch Dante at the Laugh Factory every day this week! See you there! 
Columbus, this message is for you! 
The humble basket, simple and practical, eco friendly and sustainable with seemingly endless shapes and designs 
 community manager Tanya Grady is featured in 
Lee Gamble - A tergo Real 
 "Since I care about my health and try to eat quality products as much as I can, I always choose 
Absolutely delighted and beyond proud to watch our 
Wanna win tickets to my SOLD OUT tour starting this week? I'm giving away a pair to each show! For a chance to win tweet me with 
Shout-out to my amazing colleagues (listed & tagged) who help me make 
Gutted I'm not attending 
 That feeling when football is back! 
"I've never been one dimensional baby..."
"If you don't believe in your story, no one else will believe" 
The countdown is on! Only 1,000 more days left until the start of the next Summer Paralympics in 
Thanks to everyone who purchased our merch! Winners of the fan event were notified this afternoon via email. We're looking forward to meeting you all! 
Had the best time delving through  
Wise words from a modern engineer. We hear from 
 to an awesome night in New York City with Spark CEOs, founders and executives 
Our new single is out today! You can listen below, or buy if you like, or DM us if you want that shit for free 
Here's a little throwback to Nordic-Baltic Dynamics 2017! 
In 2 days!! This will be your dance floor.... 
Happy Friday!These two fantastic new 
Good morning and welcome to the weekend 
Today's launch in Rio de Janeiro marks the 100th 
The Swag is Back. 
YAAS Sagittarius smart people 
Absolut a great Night with great people 
2 million streams on Finders Keepers remix with 
A sneak peek of our new Irish Handmade Almond & Pistachio Nougat from 
Coming up: on Mon 27 Nov a day of FREE events & activities 
REVEALED DAY AFTERMOVIE!
It's glorious, Shane. Great work. 
It's match day for the 
It's GAMEDAAAYYY! 
Don't miss Hockey Night in 
Our EVP Selina Webb is heading to 
Stock your freezer with something GOOD this week! Find us on sale this week at most retailers 
Motown President Ethiopia Habtemariam has been named on 
Just spoke to Luxury MSc students at 
Excellent to catch up with many of our friends and clients at 
One of the best things since B.B. for me is meeting the people I’ve met.. So much love for 
Starting the Sunday session! Lasagnaaammm is on 
When even the wildlife loves the fall weather 
It’s the most wonderful night of the year! Watch 
 Thank you for sharing this great picture! Happy to help! 
Finally published.Please do check out the link ↓ below for more on the final 
Happy Birthday to my all time favourite Red 
Therapists do a fantastic job such a honour to work closely with them in intermediate care 
It’s the final weekend of 
It's the final half hour of an INCREDIBLE weekend of incredible women 
Are you ready to be elevated at our In Trance We Trust ADE Festival in Amsterdam tomorrow? 
Shout out to Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden, for hosting a special meeting with the IPC Honorary Board! 
Download the latest episode of the Euro Leagues podcast! 
 the crank set ...... 
 to Piper's Past! With her smooth moves we aren't surprised this 
Just some of the names coming to the ‘Mental Health in the Workplace’ event tonight! 
SUNRISE! When you are in the mountains it is even more special. The darkness that you have been climbing through starts to evaporate and then the light hits you 
AHHHH thanks so much guys! This means the world to us coming from you. 
To apply to play at this years Reading Oxjam on Sat 14th Oct pls send links to your music & a biog to oxjamreadingartists@gmail.com 
Want to win tickets to see 
Loving our hardback #2015 
RT if you're as excited as we are to see 
Song Of The Day: "Parachute" by 
 is happy on a Saturday night! 
We continue to show all our developments in the 
For the love of mankind who can relate??? There is something about whiny kids in a car that literally drives me crazy. Music doesn’t help at ALL! But what does? Headphones and a good audiobook from 
 We're thrilled to accept the award and be named NSW Team of the Year! 
Participants learning about the Rental Housing Tribunal at the weekly Advice Assembly.Advice assemblies happen every Tuesday at Cissie Gool House in Woodstock. It is open to everyone 
It's happening!! Download the F&B app and away you go! 
Great video - definitely worth a watch 
Check out all these amazing book covers from our 
Hands up if you've seen every episode of 
Adelaide tonight we party!! Awesome artwork by Shani Finch 
Some amazing support so far for 
Well done pal, well deserved 
Great start to our WWC qualifying campaign! 
It’s the last day of 
Got the new H&F?! Read our exclusive interview with 
We've got your Friday night covered with a THREE hour special from 
State Cross Country “Blazers”!!! 
check out the latest additions to our local playlist 
“I believe designers deserve to be paid, preferably handsomely.” 
Our biggest best wishes 
New day, new opportunities, new chances 
So proud of CCRPI gains from JacksonDouglassTeam!                   Fain 8.7%, Scott 6.4%, Whitefoord 7.1% 
Yeah!!! Appleton represent 
Half way through the week! Happy hump day! 
Quite possibly the best thing since the Tofurky Roast: our Holiday Roast with a (vegan) bacon crumble 
Celtic display today at Hampden Retweet if you're a 
Levi’s® Music Project x 
Everyone in back make some noise!! 
New interview up today, featuring Berlin-based photographer 
Congrats to county over-35 men's team who narrowly lost 2-3 to Notts and 0-5 to Ulster, but rallied to beat Lincs 3-2 at the weekend!
2 with the most votes get added to our Spotify playlist 
Let's change these statistics and make it easier for young people to talk openly about mental health. Together, 
Meet Sandra , She Is A Local Resident And The Winner Of Our Autumn Themed Competition . She Is An Inspiration . She Has Kicked Breast Cancer In The Butt Not Once But Twice 
C.9INE Feat. Joao Orecchia - Wonder 
Who doesn't enjoy some free stand up comedy? TONIGHT in JC's 
'It's okay to write a bad song, just write a good one the next day and you'll feel better' 
It’s late. We’re on our way home in the band van. We’re reading all your lovely tweets! You were an AWESOME audience. Thank you! 
The sun has set on Sundown 2017. What a weekend, thank you for coming! 
You heard it here, everyone! 
 Loved watching/listening to BBC Radio 4's My Teenage Diary with the legends 
Let's Goooo! 
Psssst.. we've got the perfect prep for your Summer getaway
Thanks for recommending our GROUND CONTROL Organic Body Oil 
"You have to invest in your brand. It’s what your customers look to, to understand where you’re going in the world." 
"Before receiving the ball, I already know what I need to do with it. It's a gift from God."- Mesut Özil. 
Addicted To = Out Now 
It's good to be back 
Finally, a huge thank you to the 400 volunteers 
We're Dingle bound and looking forward to all the fantastic Irish acts performing across the weekend at 
Big news from us! Great to announce this and to achieve a fantastic result for our investors and Funds I and II companies alike - onwards! 
We love seeing stuff like this 
It's Monday.Which can only mean one thing.A new 
Ladies! 25% OFF your most essential piece of gear: a proper 
#7 in our summer series is our great friend and super talented 
Foam rollers provide great relief for sore spots in muscles. Get all the info you need: 
When you thought they'd never ask! 
Super excited about our new vid out today 
Low Carb High Fat Diet Experts Latest News is Out! 
Congratulations to all the teams who participated in this year's Gildan Charleston Classic! The 10th anniversary was one for the books!
In case you missed it, here you go 
"Durham creates a bubble where the student body is monolithic, reflecting that of its most privileged students. Consequently, the privileged move seamlessly from one echo chamber to the next, never having their world view truly challenged." 
Who: 217 Academy clubs 
MY TOGETHERR CD ARRIVED!Been hyping over this thing ever since the CD release was teased! Thank you so so much 
Getting excited to see the boys of 
Merci Brussels, Hedonism Party Crew it was fantastic on Saturday @ ZODIAK !!! 
Classic Hits 4FM listeners party tonight! 
A big run from Mehdi Gani...places him 1st overall this series 
Ever seen hands on a defender- Put him in a 3 man pocket and he'll still show you flames! Absolutely dominates hus position and distributes quality ball through the lines. Another member from SA JWC16 team!
Tonight's final episode of 
BLACK SQUAD Mixtape Out Right Now On mymixtapez 
Mister double-backflip-with-a-snowmobile @mxbodeen visited the 
 is in 3rd place rounding around the eastern point of Brazil. But the 
 to Twitchcon, staying on a boat with friends, meeting a lot of amazing people, oh and having the confidence to wear this 
If you've been to Liverpool over the past 10 years, what has been your most exciting moment in our city? 
Client selfie! Lorna had just a half head of extensions applied 
It's coming. 
Pssst- superstitions may just pay off. They did for brothers 
It's official Movie Lovers 
 can't wait to see your set 1 last time before you head off to the east coast
We're 'High On Life' this Tuesday with 
1 week to go! 
It's time for round 2 of our Merry 
402 YARDS?! YAS GIRL YAS! 
DOODLE JAM is THIS Wednesday! The excellent 
Final preparations for this evening's 
 Network on Wednesday 8th Nov 12noon 
Golf can bring everyone a piece of joy 
Two Hockey legends confirmed as Athlete Role Models for YOG 2018! 
Don't miss out on the chance to win a signed copy of Mike Brearley's new book 'On Form'! 
Big thanks for the vibes in Shoreditch last night for the 
Our new Foam Conditioners melt into hair & quickly rinse away leaving behind oh-la-la locks that won't weigh you down 
The internal culture of a company is the secret to delivering amazing customer service. 
Release the tension....the weekend is upon us! 
Follow & RT to win a pair of tickets to Burnley vs 
Oooh, Bighead taking that #1 spot on top downloads! Big ups 
So chuffed with the review of Manspreading!! Give it a quick read, for me, please. 
LOOK AT THIS COSY SET UP! We will be LIVE from the first night of the Bord na Mona Hearth Sessions in Egans bar, Wicklow !!! We will be joined by Stephanie Rainey and Little Hours 
If we're talking about a late goal to seal 
Congrats to Taoist Ching Chung Primary for their 1st place on this week's 
Diversion starts a new season 
This Global Tech Advocates 
Mark Appleyard floatin!!! 
Ever wonder who hustles behind the scenes to get your Sports 
When these 2 legends come together, how can it be anything but awesome 
To celebrate the release of 'Riff', both 
Munich! Thank you! 
Gradient Sock blanks all labelled and ready for first dibs st 
Today is the day Foodinate goes LIVE in 
The Louis Vuitton Speedy 30 is iconic, practical, and hard-wearing! 
Big honour to cover for Trev at 
Catch the last of this year’s 
Friday is gonna be madness as the 
We're proud to have supported the incredible 
US President, Jimmy Carter and Obasanjo in 1977. Who else thinks Obasanjo's agbada swag is epic? 
We're spending our night with 
You know a flavour combo's a winner when it gets its own name. 'Banoffee' - an outstanding crepe made with bananas, cream and toffee! 
ITS GREY CUP SUNDAY!!! 
August's Stobart Jockey of the Month nominations are 
Well,  Yoyo & 
Thank you everyone! We sold every last arepas this weekend and even closed early - thanks for the support! 
Believe it, think it, it will happen !! 
"Throw your hands in the air. And wave 'em like you just don't care" 
In need of some running inspiration? 
Great stuff guys!! 
 finally on all major digital stores! 
“Teen girls are a powerful force for good in the world” 
This is Erik. He was the first person to get his hands on a 
And another favourite scientist, this one from 
Just when you thought you couldn't possibly hold this All Star in any higher regard, after her STORMER of a season in sky-blue... 
LIVE VIEW IS EVERYTHING! 
"Whether you get a job or start your own 
Last night’s careers event was a hoot! 
We're putting together our next brochure at the moment and it'll be out in January! It'll feature all events we have coming up at the Hive until April 2018. 
Hands up if you love our beautiful city! 
“When u do things from the soul, u feel a river moving in u, a joy.” 
1 Week Away... The Biggest Classics Party of The Summer... 
Dreams come true, and i hope it will be soon as possible, family waits for u
Putting the wind in the community's sails!A project with a whole systems view, 
ANNOUNCEMENT: we are excited to share our next special which will be a tribute to living legend 
Want our Travel Team to take the hassle out of planning Ibiza 2018? 
Tickets for this weekend's first home game! 
Math lovers, rejoice! 
Only 7bikes left for BEAT class tonight 
We're auctioning two 
You’ve been asking and we listened! New Boots and Colored Straw Lids are now available on the site! 
Watch our new video and see how 
You've done it!! Thanks to all of your amazing support our appeal's first £250k is now in the bank!! The current total is £252,003.48. So that's just £997,996.52 to go... Best get cracking!! Go 
My very first Christmas special premieres on 
The draft is only 6 days away and bounce down 114 days 
Best moments compilation! 
What better way to use our first 
The match winner is currently speaking to iFollow. 
I love my panto team!! Rehearsals are coming together nicely. Looking forward to getting on the road! 
The day has finally arrived! See you at Anura Wine Estate for an amazing weekend 
I wish I could blue skidoo into last nights episode of 
We're live from both of today's 
Game day!! Buzzing to get back on court in our brand new 
Playing on repeat at Melodics HQ today 
"Eyelashes are protagonists in every occasion...However, it will not be Santa Claus the hero you should turn to for a top result: better confide in 
Just 1 hour to go! 
These lovely folk will be performing in front of this lovely lot as part of our 
We're LIVE on TwitchTV for the 2017 
It's only taken about 10,000 shots to get that mis-shaped ball on the head shot..... 
"Built in the 1900s, the flesh and bones of Victoria Warehouse has stood as a symbol of this citys industrial strength and innovation for around 100 years." What a blog and what a video! 
Great touch & volley from a ball playing Centre Back 
"Moving trust from a system of hierarchy to a system of protocol...this model of trust is gradually seeping into the consciousness of the world.. this about more than currency, it will shake the world  2 its foundations." - Andreas Antonopoulis on 
We are SO ready to find brand new talent in 
Legit line around the block for tonight’s show in Salt Lake City!  
This track is just plain beautiful. 
It did! Loved your honesty and humour. Thank you for the laughs and lessons 
Members of our staff with the turkeys, milk, butter, bread, bacon, eggs & freshly made pies that were all purchased w/ donations from staff dress down days! Amazing effort supporting our 45 families!
Re: my question for women interested in working in cybersecurity, Susan Landau said "Be tough (as a woman in tech needs to be).Think broadly and deeply, including usability and where Gov policy is heading." TY, Susan!
Finally. Matchday! 
The Soul Rebels !! 
On the decks having some fun!!
We're here to offer a helping hand this wedding season! 
Just over a week left until the Camps Reps will be coming to Brunel!
Shoutout to our girl Hoops for showing 
The winner is… Eruption! 
We've seen some brilliant 
Exciting news – on Tuesday 28th Nov, all donations made to our charity on Facebook are eligible to be matched by Facebook 
Less than 20 days left for your application for a visiting grant to one of our research infrastructures! Consult 
We’ll see you Tuesday in Nathan Phillips Square, Toronto!! 
U wear will close tonight at Midnight.  Don’t forget to get those orders in.  They make great xmas gifts. 
Johnny-on-the-spot to fire home the winner! 
The Indie Rock Hit Parade is here and 
Our next data science/AI-themed 
Holy mother forking shirtballs 
Poke is here for dinner tonight till 9pm 
I wanna live my life on gta mode 
And we’re a proud member of the 
Thank you to all the fans who came out tonight to celebrated the first performance with us! 
Have you heard? Entries for the Corpoarate Triathlon Challenge powered by Algoa FM are open 
Retweet to win!! 
Winter. Is. Here. 
Today’s brew! 
Calling all Secondary teachers: we’re on the lookout for our 2018 Campaign Champion students! Interested? Apply! 
. Thx man. That rules.
This song is all you need to get dancing at 
Tonight I'll be Playing first at Zeta Bar in Bugibba than at The Playground for Guerrilla Malta  
Some exciting news today about a studio move into an arts community...watch this space! 
Whoa there pickle! Its the weekend 
We got off to a fantastic start yesterday - remember to let us know what you’re doing to suport estranged students via 
Thanksgiving break is almost here! One more day of classes, then students get Wednesday, Thursday and Friday to relax 
You warm my heart…which is good, because we had to turn the office heat down this month to stay on budget.  
  The 'Wolfpack' kept five clean sheets in this year's Scottish Cup winning run
Two sleeps until the Big Sea Thanksgiving potluck! 
Another win and another hat-trick 
Holiday sale starts today! 20% off music and additional 50% off sale items 
IN THE AIR! Out now! 
To celebrate her birthday, re-live the moment 
She asked for a shot at the World Title... and she got it!! 
Pit-stop of epic proportions! 
 DAYS | Not long to go until we host 
Reserve your place for the 2018 Great North Run here: 
We are giving away an exclusive 
Humbled to find myself among such amazing people via 
Fresh pasta making with Collinsbrough College. The students really exceeded my expectations and their own. 
Brazil takes home the 2-1 win vs. England after a scoreless second half.Perfect lead-up to tonight's main event: 
You + your best buds + our Rooftop = 
What are you waiting for? It's 
A shout-out to the top movers on the latest 
Couldn't free more.
Chelsea get us off to a winning start with a 4-0 win 
Goodbye to our featured market of last weekend, and HELLO to 
Viral Video: America's got talent finalist 
An inch shorter and 27 operations later, golfer Marc Cayeux's comeback continues.He has had an incredible recovery. 
This story is proof that walking netball is truly an amazing sport 
Huge congratulations to our training facility Futuretech and 
Whitney Wolfe just said one of my favorite things: “We need to celebrate the rise of all of us, not just one of us.” 
Absolute treat yesterday lunch getting to see work from the 
Check back with us everyday throughout December as we count down our top moments of the year 
Last call for half price posters in the main hall 
Davido gets gifted a 30 million Audemars Piguet wristwatch for his birthday by his billionaire friend. 
The south London designer 
It was a pleasure to meet little Leo. He designed his own football that is selling in-store and online 
All the glory goes to God 
Kicking the other Eurovision contestants out of competition! Boom! 
“The content was about connection. It wasn’t about production value.” Samir Chaudry + Colin Rosenblum suit up with Paul Rabil to tell the story of how TLN was born 
Manchester United, Christmas and casino tables! Who could want anymore!? 
On this day in 1948, 
Stan working the room at tonight’s  
Well done to all winners and finalists tonight at 
And the party's just getting started... 
One of our very own ENV students! Moira Davidson from Urban Planning and her sister Hilary are representing the US at the World Ringette Championships starting this week in Mississauga 
FCA TOMORROW GOT US LIKE... 7:30 in the Sports Court!!
'Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells' 
They Done Added Ur Boy To The Tour 
Tony Pulis manager of the year! 
Friday fun feels! 
Michael Harmel has been named a Finalist in 2 categories of 2016 
Congrats on being selected among TOP12 startups in Estonia! 
Some people might say I eat at 
'We're going to surprise people'Fascinating insights from 
Activity Zone committee tonight in the Students' Union from 6-7pm 
RESULTS | 1st team couldn’t get around The Somersham Towns bus! 1-1 the final result with Cam scoring. Reserves lost to bottom of the league Sawston 4-2, we had a few interesting disallowed goals...Big week next week for the club 
we're gonna be performing i miss you on 
So great meeting many amazing people at GDG DevFest at 
THIS is how much this competition means to 
"The value of UGC is undeniable; not a single statistic I came by had anything negative to show for using user generated content"Super encouraging 
Great to see our faculty represented along with 
This is going to be AMAZING!!!! Can't wait! 
A great list of initiatives run by women of color that foster diversity&inclusion in tech. Thanks 
SMASH Test Dummy’s Daddy is TAPPED! 
O strong!! # it’s Allowed !! Confirm jam
Tomorrow's the last day to vote for your fave St. Louis bartender and 
Awareness on what and how do we go about the awareness? We need practical solutions Minta. I'm ready 4 it, are you? Thanks 4d inputs, 
Next up... a Sunday double header! 
ESCAPE WINTER - Our annual sale is live: 
Our awesome admin Dawn toured 
WE GOT SOME ‘CANES OVER HERE! 
When you finally get a few minutes of fall weather 
Turn in to the Highlights channel of the live stream because 
Bed. It’s time....early flight to LA in the morning 
Next week Group CEO Richard Johnson will be delivering his keynote 
Calling all budding Northern comedians! 
miamimarketta studio 56... Looking sexy.... ready and waiting for joshpyke 
YES !!! Been hoping that 
S/O the amazing Ep 5 cast. (ALL TAGGED) 
Two days left 'til 
Finally 19!!
RT if you're feeling FABULOUS this Friday! 
Making strides toward diversity in STEM and an inclusive workforce, 
On first listen the new Glassjaw record is a bit good. Thank the stars 
Meet Africa's first roller skating world champion. 
Sometimes we stand up for what is right even if making others uncomfortable. Other times we pause, reflect & celebrate wins as a community 
If you haven't seen this package about 
"That's game, set and match."
We had an amazing time last night 
Young + Something you always carry with you is your 
Island life with the wife @00_Nicola_00 
 I reinstalled Twitter just to know how are you doing here, massive support all the way from Egypt 
Thrilled to announce the newest member of the 0x team! Join us in giving 
 thanks for a fabulous spa day treat. The afternoon tea finished it off nicely! 
A week of crisp sunny days after misty mornings. Like this one from last fall in 
 We're proud to have been part of such a great project 
Oh yes, the countdown is ON! Who's hyped for the season to start? 
Winnie's outfit though 
Thank you for having us! We had a great time! 
Huge shout out to the AB Field groundstaff who worked from 6pm to 4.30am overnight to make today's match happen 
That's why he's the best. Ronaldo 
Its about to go down y'all! About to do some damage up in here
Keep dreaming, fly high 
 I have just received confirmation of my NMC registration and PIN... I'm now officially a Registerd Mental Health Nurse!!! *gulp* 
Today's the day! 
Congratulations girls! Lots of noise coming from 
GOALLLL!!!! C'mon Socceroossss 
Being quiet and sitting still are not the blueprint for success 
12 Days of Promos: Day 1. Save 30% on iPhone and Samsung Cases with code DAYONE » 
You’re the best! Driving 4+ hours every game! 
They've done it again! Wheelchair doubles champions 
Check out the brand new slice n' dice edit made by the friends of Onboard Snowboarding Magazine. 
What. A. Turnout. 
Fast Lane Friday is back at the track THIS Friday! 
Back at The Field today in the Les Phillips Cup...
Hum... this view!! 
Shooting the We Could Go Back video in Tokyo was amazing! Where would you travel back to? Share them using 
This, from Frank Lampard! 
So many lovely stylists in today for some fantastic requests!! 
We've been nominated for Best Small Festival and Best Family Festival at 
I'm privileged to open the 
Invite EVERY family "into" your AMAZING classroom! 
Just finished my first college essay 
 And how awesome that we'll get to see you perform your new CHRISTmas song at the National Christmas Tree Lighting?? And with Brett James!!
What a night. Thanks to everyone who came out & made it so special, and to all the musicians who slayed. 
Day 2/5 in the directors seat with ddbstockholm and pixlfamily 
Winter squash season is in full effect over at 
It’s that time of year again 
"To be a first generation kid and to just claim your liberty, I salute you" - 
Can’t say I’ve anticipated releasing new tunes this much before 
Taste of Vail kicks off today with the Debut of Rose!! 
So grateful to be awarded athlete of the month and for all the support from 
One of them parcel is mine. Only trusting the best with my shirts 
 if you're excited for tomorrow's match against Duke at home inside Reynolds Coliseum...first serve at 4 p.m.
Discounted membership for all Allied Health Professionals this week only to mark launch of 2018 
3 days into my first kombucha and kefir fermentation - not looking to poisonous yet 
ugh Donny Hathaway!
Running low on stock after the weekend? You'll find us in 
Keepin' that "school holiday" feelin 
My friend told me this and I completely agree, he said “In LA it feels like it’s your job to Vlog, but in Jersey you Vlog your life.” 
This is a prototype I am presenting at the Madrid 
Soul City Reunion This Saturday 
Round of applause for your marvellous team:
When your bathroom shelf actually holds all of your product - a 
Delighted to see our Royal Ascot and Group 1 winner Opinion enjoying life after racing in the NSW Southern Highlands 
Will the Dubs reclaim their title or is Sam heading West this weekend? 
 to Redbrick member Chris on capturing the most amazing aerial shots for ITV1's - Bear's Mission w/ Anthony Joshua
We know waiting for your drink can be boring and tedious... That's why there's free sweets for those waiting! Start nibbling on a Fruit Salad or Blackjack and before you know it, your drinks ready!!
Another Rothosen to make a return from injury 
Very excited to announce we’ll be supporting 
Let the countdown begin! 30 minutes 'till 
Hands up who’s getting their Mum a BCU onsie for Christmas 
We still can't get over how MEGA it was meeting the fans yesterday 
 Put your feet up- it’s the weekend 
Your Cage Warriors Champions 
Great read. We’re so proud of our Skipper  - “Changing a narrative doesn’t happen with silence” 
We love this tweet sharing of Sydney pics, send in yours! 
Set times for tonight alongside 
Wake up and smell the fresh air. 
And you did us proud! 
Yep !!! James made it into the pitch !! 
Hey Everyone! Here are some wallpapers made from the Code of Chivalry Event Art with different resolutions! ENJOY!!!! 
Willem Dafoe shines in Sean Baker's anticipated follow-up to 
Blue will always be our favorite color, but these fall leaves on campus are too good. 
 U23s kick-off their season at home to 
Nothing beats getting your music played on the radio 
Winning style, winning sounds. Congratulation to 
Let me know if you req my input! Hi 
Why I love this sport. 
When it's all said + done, we'll always be 
"OK, good, now make it look like I don't know you're taking the photo."  
 to all tennis fans celebrating the Festival of Lights 
Another week, another climb for 
Hey thanks for the chart action Scott! 
Guys!! I am loving the vids I took yesterday!! 
Hands up who still gets excited to open the first door of their advent calendar?! Thanks 
Our incredible 5th birthday cake from 
Exciting update out today! New selection tool, Blocks integration, refreshed palette & quick tool! 
Safe travels team!! Melbourne to Tasmania: 
New edit coming out today for 
"The Dead Trippie" the same great burger, made BIGGER. One of two new triple patty burgers available NOW 
Kevin Bridges has added EVEN MORE dates to his Hydro gigs 
Morning Brum! Rob & Katy are back on with ya 
Carfest 2018 is going to be the best yet with 
We Were Out In Force Last Night
@john_randazzo_photography What a spectacular color display from Stony Brook!! 
Automate everything, so you can focus on your code 
Wow, Pip, I just now noticed this, well done girl! Congrats! 
It may only be the start of the week but we're already hyped & looking ahead to Saturday at 
This is simply brilliant!What a show of sportsmanship from Alistair Brownlee towards his younger brother Jonny 
We missed the tinfoil roll out but 
“Social enterprise is one of the most powerful and effective tools for changing the world” - Michael Sheen 
Just one of our favourite spots at 
Woo! Fantastic news! 
Finish your 2017 strong: join the WORD Inner Circle Membership and check out our end of year events 
He gave it everything he had. 
3 years ago... what a boss night 
Hey, Tottenham! Our 
Exciting news – we've announced a partnership with 
Your cold weather essentials are all on SALE
GIVE THANKS // thankful for our tribe and all of you every day 
# YAY, Check Out the Official Video of 
It’s time to eat and drink until your heart’s content! 
 are very excited about our new Business Club partnership with 
Can't wait to get your hands on our new Tonic Water before it hits stores?  Jack Rudy fans in Charleston this Friday are in luck!! 
Looking forward to an inspirational evening at the 
Lucky for y'all we're open from 4PM-1AM tonight too! 
We're excited for our annual Festival of St Cecilia event tomorrow! Looking forward to seeing lots of you there 
Friday vibes so strong, coffee not necessary 
Where to Catch us this week:Thur 
Amazing try, just what Rugby's about 
De Oosterpoort you were SENSATIONAL! 
Armed with a monstrous amount of hardware for her debut at Egg LDN's Cell 200, 
That feeling when you find THE perfect lace dress for your Christmas parties! 
...Starting with a massive thanks to our fantastic partners at 
Come and see us tomorrow at University College School in London for their Summer Opportunities Sixth Form Fair 
See you on the dance floor tonight at 
BELLA LOKA - Escape - .
That winning feeling... 
Having confirmed his place at The 
3 points is key at this stage 
's legendary World Cup-winning manager, Sir Alf Ramsey, made his 
Congrats Sheldon and to everyone else who's graduating over the next couple weeks! Hope you've all had as amazing a time as we have!! 
Salute the Visionary!! Great to see you 
"Scotland's coolest city": Dundee named worldwide 'hot destination' by The Wall Street Journal 
You’re welcome! And I promise I won’t judge you if you break your promise! 
We've filled our piggy bank for United Way 
Such an honor to work with Kenta Goto. Well deserved 
Andrea Pirlo has announced his retirement from football. Grazie, Maestro 
 to GIUSEPPE OTTAVIANI's set at Privé last year 
Whoooo SPREAD THE WORD!! 
Great to see people finding new and interesting way to keep plastic out of our oceans and raise awareness of the problem 
Trying a xmas special at .
Pre-sale tickets for the 9th Annual 
Treat your hair during Winter months with our in-salon Série Expert Powermix treatment. 
"Freddie Burns, take a bow!" - 
Who's ready for DJ Marky & Friends this Saturday?
Tonight’s result means we now know every team that will be competing in Round 2 of the 
Huh, looky looky, she'd load of 
 Lovely Set today enjoyed your Set , great voice 
Inja ye Game... 
Great piece on independent labels by 
Another awesome shot from this weekend by 
That feeling when you score your first 
Forget Zlatan, this is the biggest comeback of the weekend!!!! 
Venom One Remix of Refeel - Always got its first play on A State Of Trance tonight!! 
Amazing to see outdoor nurseries opening in Glasgow! By being outdoors more, these kids are going to be more active, more creative & develop much-needed resilience.Great work 
Two remixes out today! 
That's where I got my start, too! 
Signed performance of this magical tale Friday 8th Dec at Moyses Hall museum, Bury St Edmunds 
 INSTANT INSPIRATION FOR YOU! 
Chuffed to be one of the new charity partners for 
Craig Overton you beauty!!!His first wicket in Test cricket is Steve Smith 
It’s like grown-up pick ‘n mix – choose your favourite 3 for only £12 
James Graham gave it absolutely everything at 
Such amazing talent tonight showcased by 
No doubt ELVIS !!!! 
Jenny Lee Lindberg of Warpaint at Santa Barbara Bowl tonight 
A very happy publication day to 
Thank you Bel! Likewise 
Happy birthday to the best man we know, 
WE’RE HIRING!After some recent client wins & upcoming projects, we’re recruiting! 
Easier than Command+Z… Undo accidental awards on ClassDojo! 
Big ups Jamal Edwards / 
It may be the end of our Open Days for 2017 (BOO!), but there's still a chance to come out check out campus before Christmas with our Drop-In event next week! 
Just 2 more days until Batch Z is release at the Brewery. 
Read all about our amazing stay at @hotelcanmostatxins 
*BREAKING*Our brand new podcast series 
 back in egg next Friday 
It's taken me a week to get round to listening to it but 
We are very excited about our big news! Thanks for sharing 
Big thanks to all who came down to vote for our pitch today. 
Keep those wicked playlists coming and thanks for supporting local 
No better way to start the day than with a REAL breakfast of 5 for $5.95! 
 opening credits for Monday’s show already sorted 
You a good friend!!! 
You're welcome! 
Counting Stars hit 2 billion views today on 
After over a week of brilliant performances 
Shoutout to all of the Hangout artists nominated for Grammys! 
Hey Ireland! Hands up 
4 marketing tips from the best of the best on how to stand out from the crowd 
Our European Blossom-Tour will start next week 
Love the shirt? Live the shirt! 
"We are people, not diagnoses." 
Who’s tried our new...West London burrata, beetroot, pickles & walnut...
6PM TONIGHT!! 
The first wave of acts playing Boardmasters 2018 has arrived including your first Main Stage headliner, 
LAST DAY of the San Francisco Bay Area Pocky Tour!! 
You made my November Super! 
Yes!! I love it! 
Our thoughts are with you, Mason! 
Hands up who's cooling off with some ice cream?! 
Props to our team Sandstorm Prodigy for winning today's 
Struggling for Motivation?Just watch this Paralysed coach take a dive! Incredible! 
INDY! We’re having a 4-day special offer to over 20 upcoming shows! 
women supporting women supporting women supporting women supporting women supporting women supporting women... 
Black Friday!! My faves 
What a beautifully inspiring Sunday 
This weekend, the one and only 
Don't forget to read our post-show press release! Once again - thanks to everyone who attended. Don't forget to register for your FREE ticket for the May show at 
Let's go Canes
Thanks guys. This is epic!
Students have been going the extra mile for 
@healthybodynutrition -  Get your your ISO Amino to recover faster and also taste good
Jose Mourinho has confirmed that Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Paul Pogba and Marcos Rojo are in contention to face Newcastle on Saturday 
So grateful for the love & support since my Blind Audition 
The important topic of tech for good infused with Blue Planet! Amazing 
Peace is the beauty of life.  
Super night again last night in 
Single day tickets are now on sale for 
That's a wrap! 
Some really REALLY epic performances are going down tonight!! 
Food & Wine challenged 
Could listen to stories like this all day 
Having a stove makes the van 100x cosier 
 INVINCIBLE BEN NEEDS PHYSICAL LIFE ON ALL FORMATS 
Sumer 2018 is going to be epic! 
DERBY FLASHBACK | John "Shaggy" Taylor bags a hat-trick against the Posh in 1989 We are not worthy! 
We're thrilled to be involved in the 
So much podcast talent in one room 
We’ve all heard ‘I could use an extra set of hands,’
Damn that Martial spin pass 
This Saturday 25/11/17 Bring a Friend for free and drop in for only £8 
Can’t wait to see ya 
First time I shared my 6 years of experience in front of an amazing audience. Go and kill it guys 
Couldn't have put it any better 
Full house tonight @ WeWork Place Ville Marie. 
YES YES AND UR WELCOME! BIG UPS 
Yasssssss let's do thiisssss 
What a way to start the weekend 
So excited about the new stage 
"The Weekend" keeps playing in my head even when I'm working...Since 
 is out on Fri. Saw it last week 
Hello London! Wonderful to welcome 
If you have more money, you can help more people. 
Don't know about you, but we're hyped for the weekend 
Keeping the streak alive...I’ve had a 
The wonderful, inspiring 
Hey guys! Tomorrow I’ll take over 
One FOOTBALL SUNDAY closer to watching at 
No (All) Change here 
TOSS THAT PAPER! 
King Of The Kids 
Stuart Hogg's Coaching Chain | "NO HOGGY! GO HOGGY!" Coach #6 Sean Lineen was Stuart's coach as a professional at 
We'll be holding a raffle at Quizmas & have some cracking prizes, inc 2 tickets for 
We are now SOLD OUT of general tickets! 
Check out some unique merch at the DIY Christmas Market! 
Man like Big Shaq on soccer am! 
This video is EVERYTHING! 
2% magic. How cool is this unorthodox approach to a job ad? I find creative effort, in general, absolutely amazing. Good going, 
*** ANNOUNCEMENT ***A brand new youth group for 11-14's is coming! 
Yeah that's SIC! Our new merchandise line is available this FRIDAY on 
Honoured to have hero of the book ‘Born to Run’, Arnulfo Quimare drop by our stand today at 
Say hi to our new LA Cousin 
My first rugby league game 
Learn this kids; passion, loyalty, and hard work truly is beautiful. 
Thank you, Justine!
After 3 years at Drayton Court they sadly can't accommodate us any more. Good news is that classes will continue 
Sultaano! Time to represent the 
A package has arrived from my friends .
No game for the First Team this weekend however both the Development Squad and Under 18's are in league action 
Thankful for courageous women like 
Tickets have been purchased...looking forward to this with the boys! 
I meeaaan, we can't argue with that! 
Thanks for the great story @audrina_ontv 
Thank you to all of my supporters! China trip was successful 
Purple Army, here is your pick 2!  Congratulations, Andrew Brayshaw 
Please retweet so that as many people as possible will know about 
Sharing my October Favorites ON THE BLOG today! 
All you have to do is STAY this Sunday at 8/7c on ABC to see 
ONE CLICK AWAY from the FINEST Improv Comedy Night in London! You know the score... Thursday, 8pm 3 our our HOUSE TEAMS Gonna' Be Harolding! Featuring FEAST, My Brother Jose & The Cartel! 
Today's long tweet:
Here they are. Drazen and Zoran. Hunters of the modern age - hardware hunters.Proudly standing and showing their prey.A new Inchoo server is in the making! 
Have you already sent in your remix?! If not, get on it! Deadline has been extended to November 28th 
• F E M A L E •
Earlier today Harry & the team headed to Bishopsgate Tesco and gave out free London Ice Tea 
 We're proud to be supporting 
Never gotta forget the good things no matter what happen 
That moment when you get a mention among your idols 
Missed it in the cinema? You can now watch Lost in France at home!Check 
That feeling when you're about to go on a road trip with your big sister 
Got to check in Judge dredd today.....
Lovely to be a part of this list for our work with 
Moved to 10-0 last night with a 2nd round TKO and 3rd KO over a durable opponent. Good to meet 
wow okay you guys i just found out Still Buzzin was added to 
I don’t say enough how much 
Nacho ordinary Monday—it's 
From Gal Gadot to Lynda Carter, view the many on-screen incarnations of 
What a win yesterday! 
Shout out to K-Rob & Rammellzee's 'Beat Bop' and a few other long records I was able to leave spinning to run back and catch the excellent 
DC... Been too long. Excited for Friday night at 
Beautiful details inspired by Mexican artists - nearly there 
Doors Are Open! The skies are clearing & 
It's 3am and am tired & hungry but I finished my new EP and wrote a new track... I'd say that's a productive night 
Thanks so much guys. So looking forward to it 
The FA Trophy third round draw was made earlier today! 
My fav UK Hip Hop show was this morning...always sad to miss it live but cannot wait for the link to listen later...
Tuesday’s just got a lot better! As of today, we will be open Tuesdays from 3pm-9pm 
A HUGE Thank you to Marketing Trust 
Claus Backslash - Starcatcher 
We couldn't agree more Kare!If you missed it this morning, be sure to catch up on 
 Collidge's Jimmy O'Brien, Andrew Porter, Greg Jones + Hugo Keenan after 
 Conf has begun! Got inspo listening to Emily Pilloton of 
Made my day to speak to the girls from 
Feel like new this Monday with this brilliant tune 
Manic scenes at Soup Kitchen during hound dog 
Thank you to everyone who helped make our Reverse Black Friday such a success. Together, we will donate $3661 to 
Treat yo' self 
The 2017 Year-End Top 10 in the 
Three chairs - the fantastic 
The Covert carnival returns tomorrow with a very special guest! 
When your song comes on. 
Heading to Basingstoke tonight to play a stripped back set at The Loft 
Hands up if you want a pair of these? 
When you see the postman carrying a 
Catch the Sky Sports Living for Sport Celebration Show at 7pm on Sky Sports 2 & 10pm Sky Sports Mix! Plus, it'll be On Demand all week! 
Good luck to all of our candidates taking their 
Now this is a goal we can get behind 
Sorry fans, we didnt pull the miracle out, once again we fall cuz our own mistakes. Plz keep cheering for the rest LPL teams! 
 Only two weeks till 
Awesome feeling when I played 'Born To Rage' from my new EP for the first time live! 
Love starting my day with a fresh 
When there’s a whole hour left of 
@cmt_ii now it's time to be fly with it. 
"The future of computing is here and it’s time we all sat up and took notice." A fantastic read from our very own 
We're so honoured to be featured in 
Ciara just doing her thing!!  
Congrats to both Olivia Colman and Natalie Dormer on their nominations for Best Actress In a Play for the 
SAFE TRAVELS: Wishing all our fans a very safe trip to 
Recruitment team ready to meet and greet our future mental health workers today at the Hive Manchester come and see us we are here from 10am until 4pm today 
This is so brilliant and some of the most brilliantest are doing it. 
FIRST SHOW OF TOUR W/ 
Newbury we had a blast Saturday night! Big shout out to 
Amazing dinner wine from Wednesday 
YES GIRLS! I am so excited for tonight's performance! 
My interview for Digital and Computer Arts. Thanks, 
29-straight NCAA Tournament appearances 
"You have fantastic opportunities whilst at Uni to network,build relationships & develop communication skills!" 
What a performance, lads 
We hope fall sticks around a little longer because these views are 
Thanks so much Melanie! 
To put it simply, this is what every strawberry shortcake should aspire to be 
It’s not every day you wake up to find your 
Can't wait to see "The Do Or Die Issue" by 
Thanks for promo help - we're now sold out! 
Due to a cancellation we have a table of 6 available for Friday evening! Please call 01695 572511 to snap it up 
I enjoyed that stream so much. Thanks so much for the host 
"It's bloody cruel to demand that one gender spends their entire lives removing hair while the other gets to celebrate their hair growth." 
Make sure to watch that new 
If it's good enough for Coxy... 
A stunning accomplishment which is testament to the hard work of staff and the museum's ongoing transformation - 
With 5 days to go till our 10th birthday, Katherine our Editorial Director has chosen Soul Survivor by Philip Yancey as her favourite Hodder Faith title. The author's name was almost out of our reach on the mural... 
Ready, steady, GO! Black Friday is HERE 
Splashing through the competition, Water Dodger is our next big toy! 
Coming next Friday!
Shepherd's Bush has now sold out!! WHOOP! Thank you gorgeous people 
 if you like BBQ, smoked meats, and fried chicken we will be seeing you soon!
Caitlin Moran puts the game beyond doubt 
Read. This. Thread. 
Psst..U.S followers...we have a huge announcement soon 
Well, she's the AFC Asian Player of the Year for a reason! 
The best Black Friday deals on treadmills—AND they are all live right now 
Only The Game Can Judge 
"Beside Me" is out this friday!! 
Scouting the number one slot 
 Thank you Anne Marie, you are the best 
So much Love for this crew!!! Magical group of people 
Biggar Kello Nurses ready to go on AACUTE course, motivated & keen to learn assessment skills 
Here it is, our December cover by the talented 
Show this tweet any time until 4pm at 
Yay for the rebel girls book 
Love it! Way to go 
“An hour long accordion hip-hop playlist” 
Didn't get a place in the 
Omg yes girl! Yesssssss!!!!!! 
What an AMAZING PARTY last night! Loved rocking the 
Fifty-yarders, stunning free kicks and one insane touch & volley...It's time again! We've picked our top 10 
Woke up way too early - 4am sitting in the dark listening to The Low End Theory... legitimately losing my sh*t all over again! 
We’re hiring a Junior Designer 
[LIVE] Finally I get to see you guys again 
The Party Girls are in town
A second for Odsonne! 2-0! 
A paradise made of steel... Thank you Liverpool, 
Who’s the best? 
10 steps to setting up your own zero waste shop. These guys 
Someone need a holiday system? 
What an amazing sight to see all of our 
Ours too. Because it's Monday, and we're watching 
Our final 2 for 1 sale of 2017 is today at 4pm (GMT) 
Ajay Devgn debuted as an actor with the movie Phool Aur Kaante on 22nd November 1991. AJAY DEVGN KE 26 SAAL 
Calgary!!! Check us out tonight at 
 Feels when you remember you can binge watch all of 
When you’re happy it’s Sunday 
Happy for the women right now, both on Red & Blue 
 I can't wait to share the visuals
This would be a great year for the 'Stros to bring Houston its first World Series title 
We're underway in the second Test of the 
Four months ago today!! 
Stay AWAY from NEGATIVE people... they have a PROBLEM for every SOLUTION 
3 MORE DAYS EVERYONE!! Get you costumes ready x 
We're delighted our Wemyss Bay Terminal project won the national 
Excited to mentor my Aspiring APs 
Let's start December with the hottest 
A top class winner of the 
I turn 25 next year, 
Smiles all around as Aidan O'Brien makes history by winning his 26th Group 1 this season with Saxon Warrior. What an achievement 
Grab a snack and some ok running gear at 
DMV!! Hope to see you TODAY at the  Passport to Wellness Expo 
Thanks for the bike service and chat. Keep up the good work 
It’s Gameday!Gaels kick off a 3-game home stand TONIGHT!Get all the live coverage links on 
Our Cyber Monday Sale has been extended! 
'Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower' - Steve Jobs 
Great to see the Membership packs arriving 
Sarah congratulations your academic excellence in medical imaging has been recognised by 
Was starring at the cursor on the purchase button for the camping to be available at 12. Might have been the first one after the pre-sale? Tent reserved! Camping under the Electric Sky 
Oritsefemi's New Album 
Happy birthday to Chad Kroeger of 
Best pals, right here. 
The Main Menu Masquerade is going strong tonight and not over yet! 
Who else would pay to see 
MasterChef: The Professionals continues tomorrow night at 8pm on 
Thank you Doc. A day I won't forget! 
So looking forward to presenting at this event RT: 
Black Ewe Rose always brightens up the day 
2000 lights shining bright 
 is back Monday 30th, talking perfectionism 
Happening Now: Oval Open House! 
Good morning liverpool! Are you joining us to wave off 
Just heard my tune Merry Ground on a 
A massive thank you to everyone who came to see us in 
LIVE!! Recorded PODCAST! FRIDAY: The Sketch Class Showcase! TOTALLY FREE SHOW!! 
Ballantine of poached foie gras, caramelised spiced pear, sauternes jelly and pain d'épices - yes please! 
 Sleep well, Wanderers fans! 
This week - album launch 
Get 20% off on any order! 
❝One of the best speakers I have seen in 20 years of teaching.❞ What a stamp of approval for 
My March 2018 UK tour is now on sale!! 
Amazing feedback on "Hoohoos" from 
Awesome to see that 2017 is record year for VC funding in 
Kellogg's vision to reduce food waste! 
I love this city & Eagles Nation! 
Good to be apart of the first stage of the Euro qualifiers
Congrats to our talented, and dedicated team 
We are thrilled to announce the return of 
Valencia's movement, here we come 
We've redesigned Twitter to be more simple, modern, and live 
So so good!! 
"I'm back for redemption!" 
My second Dire straits concert after 26 yrs! # bucketliststuff 
Hey ma! We made the paper! Thanks for the kind words 
Toniiighhht! Let’s go Shenzhen 
We are flattered...in more ways than one! 
We're getting ready for our magical screening of The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh! 
 Full house last time @ Tullamore! 
To close out the night: 
Thanks to all the peeps who showed up early and danced with me at Red Rocks tonight 
Looking forward to having David McConnachy back with us again in 2018. 
To the gentleman in the purple velvet suit on Great Western Road: I salute you, compadre. 
What a brilliant launch to the Birmingham Art & Design exhibition at 
Happy Wednesday morning UK!! Only a few days til I'm home 
Hey, did you see that? We built a new website! 
My day is happy every time I listen to the álbum 
Conquer your fears & limitations - never hesitate! 
Thank you Tony. Yesss fit forever man 
Edit: she’s also a role model for women already *in* technology. 
Another half head after 3 & a half months wear! Still perfect 
Happy World Fisheries Day! Cheers to all our researchers and partners working together for sustainable fisheries 
Antonio Brown is on my fantasy team...it was a great night 
Team work makes the dream work! 
  can’t wait till January, just need these tickets now, Brixton here I come 
‘Before & After’ - the control room now sounds great thanks to some smart 
We WON!!! 
All I want for Christmas is... 
Not the result we came for but us a long season and we go again sat. Massive shout to everyone who made the journey. massive shout to my roomy 
Only 3 days to go until 
"Conviction and comfort don't live on the same block." - Lisa Nichols 
Thanks to everyone who has supported the Florida Jazz and Blues Festival - we officially hit 500 followers today during our second year! 
FREE LA show Nov 20 
Hope you liked it! See you all 
Are You Still With Me?! 
So Ajegunle has a lit joint called 
Nick asked me to help out this year ! Enjoyed every minute ..... met some incredible people :) 
I’d rather hustle 24/7 than slave 9-5 
Lord... Wrestling Aja Kong, LuFisto & Cheerleader Melissa in a span of 72 hours. What a 3-day span for 
10 new season eveningwear looks that are chic, chic, CHIC! 
A cool afternoon, pizza and Employers meeting young people to 
Great article on mental health in academia for 
Tonight don't miss our GAIN 15th Anniversary event 
'It's not a sin for women to play cricket.'This story is truly inspirational. 
Be prepared, here's a list of their 
 : « SaaS should stand for Success as a Service ». Great tips on Webinars for SaaS startups 
THANK YOU KNOXVILLE! 
It's a wrap of the 1st day of conferences of 
So happy for you man. You’re the reason middle linebackers wake up so sore. Rest up, 2018 brings big things. 
IT’S COMPETITION TIME 
Plans coming together for The Great Aspall Christmas at 
RJ's work is staggeringly beautiful, same goes for behind the scenes 
Tonight I'll be on 21.30 -23.30 @ 
195 Days to Go... 
We're reliving all the music, food and fun we had at The 
Fabulous felting from our Open Night. Great work! 
 sure, please do. 
There’s another chance to hear 
A wonderful step in the right direction! 
Those barefoot, sundress, 100 degree 
Yes! Trabanca with JUNIOR is number 1 in Beatport's bigroom chart! 
Our kind of stocking stuffers 
The must-have cult baby items mums swear by via 
I was told 16 but apparently we play at 19 instead 
Happy 1st of December - If your 
Our new winter menu launches tonight 
Berlin - Friday Night - Watergate Crew 
So looking forward to this topic....the recipe for a holistic  
FOOTBALL IS BACK!
Get yourself along to this meet up filled with gifts, beers & a Christmas quiz! ! Great community 
There could only be One Last Song before the winners are announced and it was sang beautifully by 
Incredibly inspiring evening at Dance UK's opening night 
Enjoy coffee, feminist chats & Spotify playlists? Come work with me & 
Instagram takeover! Show your 
Yes!!!! 
Easily the most exciting thing I'm working on this week! We've big plans for Operator. Please help us spread the word 
Six Seconds ads are 'going to be a new art form'. 
Very important work to be done here. Thanks for sharing, 
My Wanderlust trinket trays available online at the sweet little @thefreckledhenfarmhouse 
What’s shakin’ UES?? WE ARE cause we officially got our liquor license! Visit 
I've got a story to tell one day..
Morning track of choice is “Our Streets” by 
Glad you like it Johnathan! Thanks for ordering 
   *packs extra socks for work tomorrow
“I refuse to run. I’m here to fix it.” - 
ONE WEEK since our amazing 
Out now! My typographic cover for 
“The Three Things Everyone Really Wants” 
We hope you had as good a time as we did — thank you everybody who came! Direct your praise to 
 charlie today di3 i feel da convo herh 
That's right AART + Community Matters will hit the stage this Thursday! 
Join us every second Wednesday for SNOW FACTOR SOCIAL! 
Excellent! Look forward to seeing you there 
 happy new nicholas krgovich album day 
Great to see such a unique scene getting a national profile 
Pink is the new black! Forget about that television, toaster or trombone that you really don’t need and invest in an original artwork, made with skill, time, talent and passion by the hands of one of our incredible artists this PINK Friday 
 "Being an ally means amplifying, not representing."
Congratulations to sussex based folk representing here.... 
Thanks for the Birthday love!!! 
So big up to indie local businesses for being awesome at Instagram 
Hub applications are now open for the 2018 season! 
Need plans for today? Make like @whoistomfox and find the best events near you on REVL. Tweet 
Really proud to be part of it! 
Welcome back to our Chicken, Lemon and Olive Tagine 
Your point tally after 3 weeks of incredible 
So proud of CCRPI gains from JacksonDouglassTeam! 
Super excited to be joining this years Bestival team 
I need help find a good caption: 
And, handily, the full video is now live 
Cruel kids covered this puppy in glue and left him to die. You wouldn't recognise him just three months later 
's Sofiane Boufal has been nominated for October's 
Well done Grace, keep up the good work 
Shoppers, your dreams just came true 
This guy! It was so nice to finally meet you in person. YES SHE DID! 
"Good for your health and good for 
Want to WIN all these goodies for you + your BFF? Head over to our Insta for a chance to WIN 
I really really really hope 
Miss tonight’s game? Check out the highlights here! Great atmosphere in 
Ahh man... The 
Did you miss The Tale of Mr. Tumble today?You can catch it on 
You tell ‘em, Stan! 
Had a great time playing tennis and raising money for Dezzy’s Second Chance Animal Rescue & 
It’s happening!!! 
Huge congratulations to GB teen 
If you want to cry, watch 
Meet your 2017 TN Junior Cup teams!
Thoughts and prayers to everyone in Vegas and who was affected by the shooting 
Loving what I'm hearing coming from 
Messi appreciation tweet. A living legend 
TL;DR for Wed, November 22:
Back at The Field tomorrow! 
I hadn't noticed that a few days ago I passed 1000 species in iRecord, so here is my 1000th species seen: Plain Golden Y Moth
What a feeling making my professional debut
Arsenal 1 Manchester United 3 - Full-Time15 shots on target for the gunners but Super De Gea was in sublime form. Ⓓ
 week is almost over! Trying to find the closest 
T U E S D A YStage times for tonight:8pm 
We always got your back 
After a  week like this one, the M&S "Pizza & Prosecco" deal is nothing short than heavenly sent. 
Shout out to the Hawk for being a true supporter this year x 
Are you a Georgia Perry fangirl/boy? Mosey on over to Snapchat and enjoy our exclusive GP for Bonds filter available for 24 hours only 
Look what we saw on the way to work this morning! 
this is an awesome round-up of titles! 
OH HELLO. We’ve only gone and won 
Head over to our Instagram account to enter an exciting competition 
Floor trial at Lush, patio dinner with my new found friend and a Kitsilano beach sunset 
The full stop on a CV that would rival any 
I realise that I've been a much calmer, nicer and generally happier person since I started doing our academy program, mostly because I can get a real sense that I'm learning & that I can do stuff. It's great! A+++ for challenge and personal growth. Do it 
Breakout Manchester -> completed it mate
Now that's how you celebrate staying in for another week of 
Beetroot is the star of the season! Check out our gorgeous Beetroot Chocolate Cake  
Did you get to contribute to our Memory Wall? 
Undoubtedly one of the greatest British performances of 2017! Congrats to 
milesPLUS has been added to two more of our sites 
Went to support the team, in a mad night for our academy boys!! 
The Champions League is back! 
My beauty routine involves first becoming an otter. It should props end there too because I feel fabulous 
So I took and I put it in my pocket...so I can show the world
This glam pomegranate + raspberry cheesecake by 
 is “wry and devastating in equal measure” 
 We’re delighted to be invited to today’s 
What a lovely, heartwarming interview 
A Salted Caramel and Coffee Toffee Gelato Cake is enough to make anyone drool! Our custom made Gelato Cakes come in three sizes and can be made with up to three flavours to satisfy everyone's palette 
What it feels like to finish the 
This is how excited we are for game day on Friday! KO is at 20:00 at Stirling County and we get to play on the big field 
WE DID IT!! 
WE ARE READY!! 
CashforKidsNI: THANK YOU! 
Last day of training before our first game of the 
 Congrats guys for this amazing track, tomorrow, 400K plays for Hero on Spotify. Still one of my favorite, you are the best
2018 GLOBAL TEEN LEADER APPLICATIONS NOW OPEN. 
 Hands-on with the Polymer 3.0 preview 
Jack O’Brien + the Stanford Cardinal have clinched a spot in the College Cup next weekend 
Finally we must thank our coaches and players for putting in so much effort and countless hours to make us the team we are today 
Today I will mostly be, goofing around on bikes! 
It's never too early for a drunk seaweed! Thanks for having us guys, it was great to see all that talent 
Another day, another adventure at 
Boss seeing so much local talent @ DIY shows + Closing Party 
First shower back at home after being on the road... running that sh*t til the hot water cylinder is dead and gone! 
Free events? We've got 'em! 
I recommend everyone working in tech read 
Dats d feel wen der is an assurance of a bright future 
The music industry often says it's impossible to book a festival line up with gender parity. Well, The Plot just did. And it's AWESOME. 
Only one week until Fall Break 
SALUTE to all of the folks who have continued to press for recognition and reform of Form 696 
A big shout out & thank you to fellow 
Tonight is the night! Yule Ball in the Alumni Gym at 7:30. 
Refusing to wake up from last night’s 
And in the women's competition in the 
Great news this morning - Moana Soundtrack is nominated for a Grammy 
Good meeting you last night 
About to go to my first film screening for this year... good to be back 
How do you win 12 months of SURPRISE Bundles you ask? Well, it's easy!Sign up for one of the 12 Month Membership options at 
[UPDATE] Added an integration with Cortex: 
 what an absolute pleasure listening to your tunes last night Bernie. 
Take a step in the right direction and 
Rolling on Black Inc Eighty's - 
Whip up a batch of spiced parsnip strudels – perfect for 
n.e.r.d's first new album since 2010 is coming on december 15 
 Join us here this Friday for Women's Entrepreneurship Day (
A historic win for the LGBTQ+ community. California leading the way. 
This is the official video of our latest release “House Drop” by 
Prayers going up for Ty Solomon 
Just got to Berlin! 
What an amazing crowd out today in South Surrey—White Rock for 
Up in time for Chick-n-Minis! 
The iconic Iron Bridge has raised over £27k from more than 500 supporters in less than 48 hours, illustrating a heart-warming display of public support 
We love hearing stories like these! 
He came, he 'sau', he double 'sau' 
"Tempo" for Hit 
take $2 off any food item tonight til 11pm. pro tip: get the honey butter hot chicken sandwich 
THE BIG MAN IS BACK! 
GREAT NEWS! The economic impact of arts, culture & creative industries is HUGE 
The Simple Guide to Monetizing Instagram. Great one by 
Ooh - love a good rebrand. Especially such a well thought out, well executed one with an inbuilt social purpose. 
Absolute pleasure! What a wonderful company of fun and hard working young dancers! Big chukkas for your performances 
Another win and another 4 goals. A bit disappointed in our second half. Foot of the gas and a few complicating things.. 18 Goals in 4 games 
 showing us love last Tuesday 
Big news for this year’s ADC Annual Awards is tiered pricing designed to make it easier for smaller agencies, studios and freelancers to enter! 
2017. What a year 
For bowl eligibility...IT'S GOOD! 
This is crazy!!! Almost 1 million subscribers!! WTH! Wow 
So proud to be an Aussie today 
Absolutely fantastic to see this happen 
"The in-crowd is so out right now!"  That's right, let your freak-flag fly, kids! 
Happy to be back on LAPSUS MUSIC with a new single as part of this solid Amsterdam Dance Event Sampler !! 
Check out Holy Wars' (
Mindhunter officially renewed for a second season by Netflix 
 REMIXES START DROPPING TOMORROWs/o 
Celebrated the end of the month in STYLE today at 
This Hollywood chic centrepiece is everything! 
When you get the creepiest, most excellent 
It’s time for more of Tina’s erotic holiday fiction. 
Brian, you’re a true hero for this 
Now that is a great breakfast view! 
We added another 5,000 Citizen Co-Sponsors of The People's Budget! 
Okay so now I can legit be excited about this....It's Official, all my results came out today....I'm a qualified Optometrist y'all!!! My degree is complete!! 
Tickets are on sale for Bubbles at Christmas at 
Be sure to grab a copy of the latest 
Middle of the month seems a good time to remind you of our spring special 
Exactly 1 year ago today, we set off to Dubai to perform the opening Artist Residency at 
Dream come true getting my first Scotland cap and to do it against England with that atmosphere & result 
We love ginger!
I BOOGI takes out the K Line Australia Handicap and gives 
Not long now until our group CEO Richard gives the keynote speech 
We've just added all the latest 
We're hiring! Join our Comms Team as a Graphic Design Assistant! 
Sonoma at home! We've been waiting for this moment all our lives! 
There's still time to win a pair of tickets to see 
26 week’s paid parental leave by 2020 
Get ready to leap into a new week 
Like it! Day one on the advent calendar on Health Careers is a Biomedical Scientist 
Good morning... It's matchday! 
Who loves a bake sale on a Friday? We do! 
Less than two weeks until the season starts... WE ARE BACK 
HERE WE GO! The one you've been waiting for... 
Ronaldo with the assist to Benzema and he scores 
Could not be more fuggin stoked for Lennie James & to see how Morgan plays into the 
Our Downtown location is open until 8pm tonight during 
It's this time of year that we express what we are most thankful for...and stretch pants that look like jeans are high on our list, for sure. 
JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE!!!! 
Spotted! Shiny new date labels to help reduce 
Preserving the HipHop Culture in SA and Africa as a whole is our priority!!! 
THAT WAS BOSS.
GOAL! There's a second for 
Yo... without sponsored content, we wouldn't be able to create videos full time. You should be happy a company wants to pay us to create videos (so you don't have to). Hobbies don't really pay bills so...try to think about it like that. 
It's pretzel time! 
My FUSION crew absolutely smashed it this morning 
We're excited to have our Selfie Pod in 
'Horatio (from Miami)' by 
Can't decide what to have for dinner? We've just solved that problem for you...
Bojo Novo today. Ta to the brill 
Wow! What a fantastic 
Three in the bag for Amy Hardcastle in the 2013 World Cup 
Meet Nigeria's women's bobsled squad, the first African bobsled team to ever qualify for the Winter Olympics 
"With its eponymous restaurant’s newly awarded Michelin star, there’s no better time to visit 
Career best figures of 7-39 for Neil Wagner 
What's hiding on your bathroom shelf? Come down and find out 
A Fall Maraschino Bourbon because you deserve to treat yo'self this Friday 
Winners for this coming throughout the day 
EARS to the best holiday gift ever! 
Are you ready to go full LIVE ascension with us on tour next year? 
Blessed to see some rad places and meet even better people!! 
Tuesday means a new episode of 
Our fabulous Friday line up!!! 
Well deserved win! 
 Chasing Sun! Thanks for the 
UP Festival announce Ricardo Villalobos for inaugural edition. 
Cleo is nominated for 'Best Personal Finance App' and 'Best Newcomer' in the British Bank Awards!You can vote for us below 
Hardware for flashing LED. 
NjokuBurnsFlowersDorsettPhillips MerriweatherBeasonOlsenJenningsRolleTaylor WinslowWilliamsCareyWilfork JohnsonMcDougleMcGaheeJosephMcKinnieShockey BuchanonReedRumph MorganLewisMossWayneFranksJamesDont 
I braved the grocery store today, got everything I needed, and got out of there without being run over 
Second track of my upcoming EP is Bamboo! Out this Friday November 24th 
To all of you who make music, who take the time to express yourselves creatively & share it with the world - You help make life awesome - Thank you 
6 DAYS!! 
I As well as unlimited evening golf, our 
Definitely gonna start playing Gigi D'Agostino a lot in 2018 
 I see u bro. 
Tomorrow we at the after school is after cool LAST LEG S/o to 
We are really really excited for this! Can’t wait to see you! 
Thank goodness our hotel room has a washer and dryer in it 
Go Hard Or Go Home 
Monday Morning!! 
 HUGE thanks to everyone that came out on Saturday for Secret Sessions Live 
I love this place. 
What lovely news to wake up to 
Crusade will be lit in December . I happy too much.
3 days 'til we Electrify The Sky, 
Thanksgiving savings worth celebrating from us and our friends at 
The countdown is on! Not long to go until we scoot over to the 
SMILE... it's Friday! 
We're delighted to have the uber-talented 
Love it when my music & TV collide and no show is doing it better than 
Calling all heroes, villains and Super Zeros - Greg James & Chris Smith will be bringing 
Yass can't wait for that fall weather! 
One more reason to look forward to 2018! 
Great impromptu acoustic set from 
When you find love in what you do, watching a vision become reality! 
Art Night returns 7 July 2018, curated 
Congrats to our women's volleyball POG today against 
We LOVE this! Great job Maximus! 
Use real, live words in product content mock-ups, you say? PLEASE, GO ON. 
You are very welcome, Avery! Happy Saturday, my friend! 
It's FRIDAY AND the 1st of December
We have scoured the web and compiled the top picks to have you looking fabulous for your ‘The Golden Era’ Christmas Party at The Round Room this festive season
Can’t go unfortunately but if you’re in Norwich tonight - celebrate 10 years of 
Summer's ending and we're as SALTY about it as you are...at least swimsuit season is over so treat yo' SELF to some 
BRIGHTON OFFER >> 
Thanks for the great feedback @mortondshort, we're stoked you love it! 
Great turnout for Violence and Exploitation Conference, we're here to learn, to support our young people 
Cannot wait to be back at Kremlin in Lisbon 
Talking all things pop culture with 
 absolute banger wouldn’t have expected anything else from you lads 
Can't get enough of 
WOW!!! You guys killed it!! Absolutely incredible 
(1/2) We are proud to welcome 
Let's do this! Our radio show 
Hyderabad has its first web series and you sure don't want to miss it 
Best wishes, Mason!
Omg yes, lets make this a thing 
Good. Because it’s too damn good. 
"What's my life motto? Ride the wave." 
Treat yo’self with the code WOOHOO at 
 "Social media can never be held accountable until humans are held accountable" - 
Fall/winter pro tip: Massage  coconut oil into your wet skin after showering. Towel dry & bask in the glory of your ultra-moisturized skin 
's groove at 94 last night was too lit. 
Congratulations on your goal and making the semis, Dom. 
 we're coming at you with a very special 3 night 6th birthday celebration!! 5/6/7 October, let's do this 
Just one of many awesome moments captured by Olga Aguilar of Sierra Kerr // Frontside Air 
We work, we take care. 
Rock New Year in Las Vegas with The Chainsmokers! You and a buddy could be on your way to Las Vegas for NYE, enter now for the last chance to win: 
Drop by Conference Room 2 & 3 on Cyncoed Campus for volunteering opportunities! Here until lunch 
Good news! Nominations have been extended for the 2018 Victorian Honour Roll of Women 
The one and only Frosted Peppermint Mocha. 
 Glad ya enjoy!
CONFIRMED| Over One Thousand... Yes, One Thousand Tickets have been sold for 
Today's winning team 
And we’re underway!! HUGE thanks to all of the awesome attendees that have turned up this evening. 
It's the 9 o'clock 
Black Friday is nearly here and we are in on the hype! 
Damn it feels so good to be back in the studio... 
THE BEST COMES LAST 
Jordan Kunaszyk's GAME-WINNING INTERCEPTION in double OT is the  
7PM. Smith Fieldhouse. Be there.
Alec Baldwin as a Minion is everything  
Get stronger, softer, shinier hair with Smartbond 
You can get these bad boys at half price atm in 
Almost 27,000 of you have now signed the petition to stop changes to the way women's refuges are funded - THANK YOU! 
Watford looked so strong today. Massive from 
2015 ProMazda champion. What an amazing year 
This time last week we were enjoying the friendly rivalry of 
When the famous Instagrammer you’re stalking IRL tags you in a photo 
"I don't know what to say. Thank you to my team, family, everyone..."Hyeon Chung, a worthy 
Excited to be at the Scott Polar Institute and British Antarctic Survey in Cambridge this afternoon with 
We've got your weekend covered at our World Trade Center cafe 
Way to get it done at home 
Wow what a day!! We want to thank everyone who came to our 
ON SALE NOW — 
THIS. IS. WONDERFUL  
Holy the trails are so good right now 
Here is this week recap at HR Music 
And growing up Puerto Rican 
Fun fact: Beat Auburn Beat Hunger’s total beat out 
"16 and 17-year-olds are able to pay income tax, national insurance, be a director of a company, even sleep with your own MP, but not vote for them."
 likes my kicking videos, haha! It was an honor meeting such a great role model. Keep nailing kicks and making pro bowls! 
i just wanna let y'all know... 
Can't wait for tomorrow! Looking forward to some great performances 
Can't wait for this one! 
He didn’t get the credit he deserves tonight but 
 produced most (if not all) of the tracks of 
Shout-out to Katie and the Camp America office team for their help so far! 
We welcome an old friend back to King Power Stadium today...Great to see you, Esteban! 
On his last carry, Demario Richard became the fifth career 3,000-yard rusher in 
GOAL! Carter doubles our lead, tapping in Evans' low cross! Come on you Gunners! 
 IT'S OFFICIAL! 
Netball - successful day at the office!! All three teams through to regional round! 
 Great companies need great spaces! 
'Can first-rate history read like a thriller? With Lenin: The Man, the Dictator, and the Master of Terror, the journalist Victor Sebestyen has pulled off this rarest of feats...' 
A big welcome to our newest partners 
So, who's ready for our line up of young performers to drop tomorrow?! We're part of 
These are the 10 very BEST Broadway shows of 2016: 
Sundays are for sticky buns. 
And that's a wrap! Thank you to everyone who made our "New Songs and Spaces Tour" so wonderful. Grateful for you! 
REST IN PEACE TO MY BEAUTIFUL SISTER LISA JONES 
Bigtime new issue of 5 Magazine released TODAY! With 
 Captaining your country at the age of 20... 
Sadly not bro... but Big J was there 
Get those hands up, it's Friday! Kickstart your weekend with 
Worst and most boring set of finalists ever on 
 to that time we held a dog competition at work and everyone got very involved. 
BBC Somerset's new home 
Thank you for your kind words.
Yes, you can turn back the clock 
Coming this month including new one from me!Promos coming next week! 
Just in: Porchland adds more artists to its tasty line-up 
Damn Bafethu what a Dope Free style 
Oh.my.gloss! Our exclusive 
Great way to finish the year off with a great group of lads 
 Icarus still killing it!
RETWEET so every football player can hear this! 
So proud of this! Big thanks to the 
How good was that?! 
Love how I finished listening to our track on here and then listened on to immediately discover a capital T Tune from 
Here are some exclusive prizes you could win by watching our 
On my flight to Seattle, can’t wait to see my family 
 lemme start my morning watching one of my best DVD ever!!! 
It's match day! 
"The fans deserve to go back to the Football League" 
Want to join us at the VMAs?! 
regrann from @ok3nwa  -  Awesome! Awesome!! Awesome!!! 
Unreal feeling being on the bench this afternoon 
We're carefully plotting our moves for 2018 so watch this space! Wishing everyone a great weekend 
I just replaced listening to Golden Oldies on a Sunday to 
BigCommerce Pricing | All You Need to Know 
Don't leave the house to get your scampi & chips tonight. Homemade is WAY better 
Not long to go until Creamfields Steel Yard presents 
Personal tax allowance increased to £11,800 
A fantastic role for someone who cares about people as much as they care about tech. 
Outfits made of 100% cotton! 
NEW semi-intensive 4-week INTRO TO LONG FORM classes starting THIS MONTH 
I was literally having a conversation last week about booking some gigs in Germany & then today I get this message! Well maybe I might just book those gigs! 
Weasel Head Flats were not cleared of snow. Fat bikes and 
This is just about the best headline for a review that an agency can get: "A Company You Can Trust Your Marketing Budget With."  Nicely done, team 
Cure that Mondayitis with our NEW Dunk'd protein bites 
Are you ready for next month's 
 Graham Dunning - Resonance Cascade
Never ignore somebody with a disability, you dont realize how much they can inspire you!Meet Abhishek Thaware, India’s tooth archer,Man who never quits
Only one year later, we got there 
Another ‘Ace Ventura’ movie could be on its way 
Oh yes, for sure! 
Us when 'Off My Feet' by 
It’s amazing to see Athlete Mentors involved in 
The last few months we’ve been working on our line up for next year. We’ll be revealing our first wave of names at the start of next week! 
regranned from killzkonekt  -  Download link in his bio.. 
Another spectacular show in the books at 
Just one more sleep! 
Meep, review tweet is spectacularly late. But. New reviews are up!! We *really* enjoyed THE DOCTOR'S DISCRETION by EE Ottoman - check out our 8/10-star reviews and this great new release! 
We couldn't be more excited to announce that we're playing 
Find out where to go to see the Great American Eclipse in the newest 
It's been another amazing year on the 
NEW TOUR DATES!!! 
I can't believe that I am announcing my first headline show!! See you there 
Thank you!!! 
Make sure you find someone who will rave By Your Side to 
Sick, thanks guys 
Lovely talking to y’all - it was a great topic! 
Thought I didn't make it before closing, only to realize 
Packing for tour, kicking off tomorrow... Like a kid on xmas eve me 
Please interview Gerard Way! 
Top tip Daniel!Thanks 
Join the AUP community and Gina Werfel at the finissage of her exhibition "Recollections" in the Combes Gallery!! Tonight from 18h- 20h30 
New vid is LIVE! 
We won!!!!! 
Life is a gift & offers us the privilege, opportunity & responsibility to give something back by becoming more 
Forget dreading Monday & look forward to Friday - we've got 
Got to be in it to win it... Enter to 
10 days to go till 
Hands down the best part of the workout 
Happy 'it's-nearly-Friday-day'! 
Fire lookouts + winter = 
zakoye repping from South Africa 
Love it! Looks like you had a magical day with 
Our plans for the night? Watching 
WATCH: Season 8 of N60Sean is here! 
You remind me so much of my beautiful Dad 
We're so happy to have been a partner in coordinating National Clean Air Day, and we're thrilled that it won Communications Initiative of the Year at the National Air Quality Awards last night. We really are pushing the 
Great crowd at the Audible Awards last night 
We'll see you in June 
Our Friday is most definitely not black 
Thank you both for you support, hopefully see you down 
Only four teams remain unbeaten in Europe's top five leagues this season 
Still dreaming of last week's mems from 
Got friends and loved ones who run their own businesses?Give them the gift of business growth this festive season with our FREE Your Marketing Live Advent Calendar! 
Excited to begin speaking about our forthcoming volume on "
RT for a chance to WIN 4x XCLSV Backstage Passes, 4x VIP Camping, 1x 4 berth Luxury Deluxe Yurt + more!! We are delighted to announce our Phase 3 
The Women's Collectives Transforming London's Entrepreneurship Scene 
COME FIND US!! 
The remix of RIFF which David Tort and I made is finally out! (Official video will come tomorrow! 
S A T U R D A YTonight we go back to the 90s with live music and DJs with profits going to 
Some of the build up and a quick rundown of the Mental Health in the Workplace event we hosted the other day 
In exactly 24 hours' time, it all starts again! 
No candy for me... the Banana Pudding milkshake from 
I’m always excited to find an excellent business is female founded - and never surprised.
Performing Rzweski @ Vox:3 last month BRILLIANT STUFF 
Welcome back to the building, 
Free entry for this stellar line-up from 
Extended 'till next week! Catch this amazing, heartfelt film only in 
Retweet If You Love GOD 
Fill your feed with body positivity – 8 accounts to obsess over 
We've got a little treat for you to celebrate the weekend! 
A big thank you to our partner 
Every time I use 
Rave for a good cause this Saturday 
The sides, don’t forget the sides (this soup
A new WORLD RECORD 
Tuesday Friendly Reminder... Giving back is always in style 
That Sweet Sixteen feeling
For this Black Friday week only, get 3 for 2 on all 
The Diski Queen of the Match in every game will walk away with R2000 
Such a lovely event yesterday at 
Another massive week at Fubar 
 See you in Jersey (in like, a year) 
Is Singapore on your 2018 travel bucket list? It should be, if only to experience the World's largest rooftop infinity pool at the 
NYC's Financial Empowerment Centers have reduced over $54 million in debt to date! 
The Silver Arrows brought their A game to the 
We are one week away from the LATAM Summit!! 
Former Confetti tutor Paul Allen has reached 90% of the 
Competition round 2 is now live!Head on over to my Facebook page to enter and win! 
Two Toronto chicks wearing some maisonvalentino Congrats on the new Soho Store 
There's no place like HOME...except the 
Cleveland - It's Friday and we have a FREE show tonight at Lou's Tavern in Little Italy! Come through! Doors are 8pm! 
Munich was ...........What a crowd!!! vielen dank!!! 
Feeling festive now after wonderful production of 
If you're in Melbourne you're in luck because it's time to announce our brilliant guest speaker for the Melb Summer Series Workshop! It's 
It's back and the wait is over 
Very proud to have hit 200,000 sales of Cola in the UK. Props to 
All the Rampendo love. 
NEXT SATURDAY!!! 
A 7 minute 37 second long work of art tbh 
Sending all my good lucks this morning to 
 Giving Thanks for the sport of running, and the people you meet along the way.  We’ll be… 
YES YES YES YES! 
Great news! There's still time to take the census survey! 
I just love when my American friends are congratulating me on victory of an Indian film at Festival des 3 Continents, Nantes 
It's time to kick off our Merry 
Congratulations to Olivia Blaustein!!! Representing BIG TIME on 
Earlybird tickets for our return to London on NYD go ON SALE Friday at 1pm 
Bengaluru Tech Summit starts tomorrow 
We. Love. December. 
Hallelujah! A t-shirt I designed is back up on 
Let's start the week with this awesome aftermovie!! 
Tag us and WIN! Every month, we're giving away meal vouchers. To win, all you have to do is post your Milk Bar moment to Instagram or Facebook and tag them 
Shoutout to Young Life leaders! They're the best 
Remember this? We can't wait to do it all over again this Saturday with 
Just caught up with watching this, such good fun!! Love a good murder mystery and this one kept me guessing. 
Renaissance now operates in over 60 countries! 
Introducing our ROASTED CAULIFLOWER & CHICKPEA SALAD with a lemon and tahini dressing. Number 3 in our 4 new sides 
Today marked my 200th start for 
Don't miss our showcase at 
GET UP FAM! IT’S GAMEDAY! 
What a great result for the underrated Dean Ivory, proper trainer. Well deserved 
THAT LINE UP IS FUCKIN’ PERFECT! 
These girls aren’t messing about 
Happy Thursday! Time to show off your Kappas and other emotes with the Chat Box and keep your viewers engaged! 
Locked and loaded to make the next workout yours? The truth is, greatness is for us all. This is not about lowering expectations; greatness is wherever somebody is trying to find it. 
Who’s ready for this??
I'm on my way to watch you 
We're close to breaking 100 million streams of our new album Crooked Teeth on 
We're so ready for a brand new episode of 
Haven't heard harmonies like this since The B52's 
It's great to be back home after a very long day of GDG DevFest London event management & giving a talk on customer acquisition. Thank you for spending this Saturday with us, learning about Google technologies 
 Make sure to RT and FOLLOW us for your chance to win 2 tickets to see 
Massive congratulations to our Y12s, winning the School’s first ever 
Ronaldo Vieira made more touches (73) than any Aston Villa player and completed more passes (39) than any other player involved at Elland Road. 
Linda Meech caps off an incredible season in the saddle with a double 
 | Low on Brain Fuel? We have healthy snacks FREE to students in our office! Fuel up, and boost productivity! 
Our Robyn raising money for 
 to be published in 12 countries, plus UK and large print. SO FAR! 
THANK YOU for this weeks orders 
To everybody that helped us collect almost 400 items at 
We did it! A couple even crushed the 10km 
 & our partners put an end to the unlawful suspension of driver’s licenses in Solano County. 
Near our Westfield Stratford store today? Get there at 5.30pm to meet 
Great first day - Fantastic speakers and great break out sessions! So glad I came! 
We're ready to rock with you on Sept. 28, 
That moment you realise there's no international football until March. 
2018 is coming closer and what better way to warm up for the new year than with some fresh Trance! 25 extended mixes from the likes of 
Looking forward to DJing at the next 
Workflow lives on: iPhone X support, drag and drop on iPad, and lots more fixes in the latest update. 
 Have a great weekend! 
A Dough-luxe Universe Pack is headed to 
RETWEET if you're ready for an all-new mission TONIGHT at 9/8c! 
Here’s how I live code 
Big congrats to Academic All District COOKE, A.BATENHORST, JANDA, MILLER, NIMTZ, WOLFF, SILVEIRA, VANVALKENVURGH, PERRY! 
Ibiza Classics all in one place! The perfect playlist to get you in the mood for Defected 
So incredibly pleased & proud of you Joe - you did it & you are a national & 
When you wake up Monday morning and remember you have work off.
"If you really want to get in the mood for new Curb, I strongly recommend you check out the new podcast, Origins..." 
Just met Neil’s Dad, what a really great guy 
Buttermilk cinnamon pancakes with crispy bacon and LOADS of maple syrup? YES PLEASE 
Mad respect though for you replying to your critics and not running from them! 
Achieve a high-shine finish with Smartbond 
So glad you had a great time flying over waterfalls with our 
Waterfall landing directly onto a beach... only in Homunga Bay 
Prosciutto + peach flatbread 
What Mr Shi & Fosun are doing for us 
Our new updated 2017 edition of 30 Seconds is now available!  Each year with every print run we always change about 200 names on our cards, keeping 30 Seconds up to date with lots of popular and topical names! 
The Player of the Match is none other than our master swinger 
Many thanks for your patience while we got our website issues sorted! Black Friday is back on! 
The series promises to be engaging...interactive...enlightening & fun! Just 3 courses, full of promise & jaw-dropping lightbulb moments! 
Come along to our FREE public yoga class in Clondalkin this Sunday morning from 8:30-9:30am. 
GUESS WHAT: You can now listen to my new album ‘Lisbee LIVE’ on 
Who's coming?! 
Thoroughly deserved amigos, first of many! 
Here we go again! Super excited about our next academy - this time it's on gaming. Applications now open, please share 
I want to win a Round Metal Print from 
Two more shows to go before spending Christmas and New Year in Hull. So stoked for a full on Christmas dinner 
Another game. Same goal. Get the dub, and improve as a team. Gametime at 7 in Riverside 
Officially started decorating my desk for Christmas 
Tickets are just £8, and seats are limited! So get yourself a seat secured now buy purchasing a ticket. 
Great to see HWCH 17 alum 
Tonight !! Classixx X LoveTempo . Super fun night in store! 
Did you know legendary jockey, Steve Cauthen, rode 94 winners at Goodwood? A true 
New blog post... "The Central America I Never Knew"
MMC's State of AI report is out. Our takes on the applications, implications and dynamics (long read) 
There's no growth in the comfort zone, but there's no comfort in the growth zone. Words of wisdom from 
These kids are amazing! "I thought more about who would be playing the game than what we thought about it" 
Thoroughly deserved boys - we did it. 
Fabulous leadership skills on display 
Make sure you join us & X Factor star 
Full-time: West Brom 0-4 Chelsea! Goals from 
You can see all of Gareth's photos now online here: 
Incredible achievement Sam! 
We currently have over 60,000 books online! That's a lot of choice for all you 
THIS FEELING GETS ME EVERYTIIIME
Living in a house on Laguna beach is amazing
Our 1st Cup victory 
We struck gold with Katy didn't we luv
Thunderbolt of lightning, very very frightening.... 
And the fam shows up again... you guys are so Awesome... 
 Amidst a gathering of inspiring young civic leaders brought together by the formidable 
Musician Sarah McQuaid received funding through the 
A Notts legend leaves his mark on the 
Thanks for featuring our new live track - I Wanna See, I Wanna Know in this <3 u da best. 
We've got exciting roles going at our Bicester Village and Oxford locations! 
Celebrating our team and everything that makes us who we are. 
We can't wait! 
Sharks on “S” Sharks on “S”S.U.N.S 
 A BIG thank you to our creatives & 
"Meet the LA producers handpicked by Kanye for 'The Life Of Pablo'" - great piece on 
Just look what it means to Buffon! 
Did you know you can add notes to feedback? 
We had a great time sharing our story & demoing 
On a cold day like this, there's nothing nicer than a good cup of tea! So if you want herbal tea, green tea, black tea or even matcha tea, 
We're only 18 months in and we've bagged the foodies' Holy Grail of the South West from 
Comment of the Week!Kobi is just helping residents get fit with his dodgy DIY skills. Right? 
ATTENTION all big hair addicts 
New long sleeve tees are up on the site! Get there!! 
"You give me purpose everyday, you give me purpose in every way" 
It's not everyday you have a legend like brewmaster 
A team of Rice undergraduate students won third place in Project Green Challenge 2017 in San Francisco. PGC is a 30-day eco lifestyle competition that seeks to inspire students to transition from a conventional to a conscious lifestyle. 
 is a beautiful, poignant, socially relevant film. I highly recommend checking it out.  Great work 
Wooohoooo. No surprise this. So so proud of you 
This is the biggest campaign rally I have attended so far.  Crazy
Best. Day. EVER! 
When you come to terms with the fact that your live show will never come close to topping 
Nice one David. 'Bury Everything' is a great record 
1 hour left, are you ready?! 
Had an absolute blast this year as the in-game host at 
Oldskool GARAGE flavours all night long as INSOMNIA present PURE GARAGE this Saturday at 
Totes playing a couple of dates with 
The 2018 fixture list is out! 
It's nearly here, 
No forgetting this guy! What an heroic effort it has been from 
It's an imperative we give it our best shot 
"We, the entire spectrum of the feminist movement, are building an unstoppable current." 
Players' lockers are all set for this weekend!!
Big emphasis on systems, interconnectedness and cascading failures 
Crazy night seeing Akon and the Konvict Kartel (
General Lord vignette of our place of late. Green but damp. And 
We had the best time at Who We Be last night. 
lil_ripppa666 staying locked and loaded on 
I was lucky enough to hear 
We love thinking of new places to put our farm-fresh wreaths, the wilder the better 
Coffee - the best kind of 
 now out on DVD and Blu Ray! 
 This is happening right now! 
 - Solitude child.  
Join us for non-mad-dash Christmas shopping on Nov 23rd (yep, you'll be that prepared) at our excellent friends 
Great article from Dwell about our friends at Magnolia and how they've mastered the art of modern design. Proud partners 
Thanks for joining the FuturePositive Meetup 
Maddie Hinch will be at the Sentinel Homes 
The Sanctus store is open NOW!Go to 
Overhead on Scotrail: 2 very old ladies discussing and comparing current Football managers with impressive detail and appropriate swearing 
The race route for the 105th edition of 
Follow and RT to win tickets to Chelsea vs 
SHOOK 002 !! 
 another week, another session! 
The greatest Christmas tree ever 
Want to win a VIP trip for two to the 
Only 3 more dates left of 
Down south, Gremio have become 
There is still time... 
“let’s tear down these walls that people are trying to build up to separate us.” —
WooCommerce powers the new official 
TweetBeam looking pretty cool on these combined screens! 
 We're heading back to Arundel in 2018 to play Sussex!Who's this celebrating a wicket there back in 2012? 
 Mike Skinner announces the return of The Streets in 2018
Spending division meeting learning about 
The forecast looks good so far, dry and above freezing!! Good luck to everyone sleeping out tonight to raise funds & awareness for Nightsafe, your support is very welcome 
When in doubt: betsyandiya 
Event Sat Dec 2nd - 
kendrick's album officially dropping next friday 
These gorgeous flowers don’t need a filter 
Delighted to score my first goal for 
Round 2 with this piece for my class tonight at 7:30 
The man, the myth, the 
Nothing like a last minute goal... From your keeper 
Really looking forward to speaking at 
Thursday - Sunday, 12noon - 6pm, the £12 lunch deal is ON! 
We're ready and waiting for The 
‘Tis the season for a Thanksgiving recipe Tweet! 
SNEAK PEAK OF THE GOODS 
Exciting times ahead Neil! 
Sounds great!!! 
Congratulations to Max Emanuel Cencic, George Petrou and 
Great image of a rainbow over the John Smith's Stadium this afternoon 
 Since Gabriel Jesus last lost a club game...W D W W W D W W W D D W W W W W D W W W W W W W W W W W W W WLucky charm!
Book the hotel direct + add flights via 
Excited to be warming up from 12-4, lots of new music to play & then I get to see 
Yeyyy!! Our books have arrived!!
T-E-N more days to go until the 2017 World Para Swimming Championships begin in Mexico City! 
We will be raffling our beautiful limited edition hand crafted chair at the Christmas Fayre tomorrow and for 
New week, new deals 
Massive thanks to critical care CSU cross site tonight! 
Superb strikes, late drama and wild celebrations 
Looks like I’m going up in the world 
No annual fees and rides starting at just $1 
Today's plan wasn't a little bit of pre & post spewing with a upset stomach BUT a top 5 
This is the face of a smug bitch about to go home 
Character Not Found...Error 
Congratulations on taking the SAT! 
Week three of the heats... Let's do this.  
We're even on the escalators! 
Life hack: the chocolate waterfall at 
A BIG thank you has to go out to 
Let’s talk about this morning. What a mesmerizing sunrise to wake up to. 
Move! Vogue! Be free! 
Spring memories of beauty and beauties in the park 
Did you even go to the Airbourne gig if the lead singer didn’t cover you in beer?? I’m soaked and reeking of Stella! Mega loving life! Such an amazing night 
That feeling when you open up a fresh bag 
LOADS of rare vintage stock just dropped 
Hard work and creativity = our holiday gift guide! Beautiful work from 
Check out the lower right corner 
Getting me through this Monday late shift is the top man 
Thank you to everyone who came and joined us last night for 
Sharon Van Etten speaking out at the main stage right now! 
I spoke to Josh Homme from 
Looking forward to serving up our street food at 
Fantastic session on future learning, skills & assessment with 
All support and donations are hugely appreciated 
 Put your best foot forward in everything you do! 
Sign.me.up. Tried to get my fertility tested earlier this yr & it was unnecessarily complicated with my current provider. TY 
What are you really saving for? 
Great live sets and top guest selectors today from 
Mouthwatering Frank & Chilli cheeseburger. 
Numbers don't lie.
SAVE THE DATE! We're having a birthday party! Yes yes, we've been alive for a year. Come celebrate with us on Saturday 9th December at the brewery, noon-11pm. Wood fired pizza, all our beers on tap, records played by pals 
 playing my new tune Distortion at 
When you forget you ordered stuff online - surprise to me from me
Attention Gin lovers! We have a fantastic online exclusive deal for you! For the next week, if you purchase a bottle of Tanqueray Ten for €38, you will receive a 4 pack of Thomas Henry Tonic and a Copa glass for FREE! 
Starting the week off on a high after winning NINE awards at the 
Tunage; taking u back to my set 
God does not give you what you cannot handle . Good morning earthlings ...
New song . Cue new song applause 
Happy to finally release BOOMERANG this Friday! 
Game Winning FGs Episode 1 is now live! All videos were submitted by you! Check it out! 
Lovely talking to you, Adele. Will come check out the dinosaurs and pheasants - my tree needs them 
"Jewelry is like the perfect spice- it always complements what's already there"-Diane von Furstenberg  
More great work from the awesome 
Good morning to one and all? Hope that the day treats you well and 
 is here, don't miss this once-a-year steal! 
Enthusiast participants - CRASH course @ Carluke -CSWs,AHPs- supported by Martins team. Improving skills in Clydesdale 
Thanks, Austin! 
Now, THIS is magic hour at its finest 
Happy birthday me bad dancer, choreographer, videographer and editor! U got so much talent 
Who said we can't cater for dietary requirements 
This week, we welcomed our 50th woman 
If you're waiting for a sign this is it! 
Simply cannot wait for our headliners, 
Design Director Mariam on the opening of our central London store she says: “I’m so excited that we’ve opened our first flagship store on the kings road. It means that customers can come in and try the fabrics, touch the clothes, try things on.” 
Heading into Dublin this weekend? Want a pint of yours truly? You'll find us in 
Crash Pad rentals now available at 
Bootie perfection, provided by the cutout 'Carly' 
Looks like that risky Samba paid off! 
LAST CHANCE TO APPLY for free desk space, mentoring & all-you-can-eat popcorn. Head to 
 completely blew me away, such a gorgeous and touching show with an incredibly talented cast 
Big shoutout to the hometown gang at 
...and the KICK IS GOOD
Just one week until Joe Montemurro's first match in charge! 
1 week to go and we do this!!!! Can’t wait to be back in Manchester with 
 The Hottest In Her City 
It's aperitivo hour 
Looking forward to sharing the stand with Carey and Geraldine Luce 
Pancakes with dulce de leche and banana ice cream 
If your favorite things include puffy cheetos, buffalo wings & anything truffle then you are absolutely correct, girl 
So well deserved and grateful one of my daughters got the privilege to be coached by John before he retired! 
2-0 Over the spuds....I’ll take that 
Indian crowd is one of the best in the world! 
fall has finally arrived at sweetgreen –– check out your local menu below. and yes, brussels are back 
Happy 1st of December! Who's got that 
perks of coming back home with cupcakes 
Tom Brady has been nominated for BBC Overseas Sports Personality of the Year! 
Stage is set for Finals day at the 
Castaway up, I feel blessed 
AUSSIE RULES (IN SCHOOLS) 
Thank you to everyone for joining us tonight, it has been an incredible celebration of 
We had our ‘Winter is Coming’ riddim synced to the new Xmas jdsports ad. 
Can not believe this is only $50.Ch. 3+4 launch in Nov - the timing to learn now-holiday break is 
 Does the legendary opener, Wayne 'Ned' Larkins, make it in your DCCC 
Thanks to all of you out for the hot hot heat of 
"God bless this acid house" 
Fantastic effort from everyone! 
It’s the weekend! 
Our members directly support our diversity, education, gender equality and professional development programs 
For the beauty mavens: score a free 3-pc. gift set with your Versace Bright Crystal Absolu large spray purchase during Cyber Week 
Oh here we go 16 strong song ideas demoed up 
On-the-go...and fully fueled! 
Happy birthday to the incredible talent and soul that is 
Last Thanksgiving Service of 2017! 
Sean Dyche signifies everything we love about a coach. Having had the privilege of seeing his methods first hand, he is meticulous & disciplined in his approach to training & match days. Respected from players & staff and keeps everybody striving for more 
Our final act of the night - our Sunday headliner, 
Rak whoooooooooo RAK FRICKING SU 
Have you heard, Throw Down Crew?! The video for 
When else can you do burnouts in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip? 
Hands up if you love a great deal? 
Sooo good that the celebs are openly discussing mental health 
Wow what a shot by the big man 
Our weekly special the EGG SHEN BURGER is here to make your weekend better!! Coleslaw, pulled pork, sausage, bacon, and egg
Was great filming with you! Good luck at the championships 
New conditioning tanks being installed today 
Go under the radar this band quality songs 
This is, without question, the quintessential composition of the entire 
We agree! Kudos to our design team for making the Tech Chino the perfect pair of pants 
Steph Curry went from 51st to 19th on the all-time 3-point list... in one season 
Thanks for your kind words last week, Paul! You've been a brilliant support to the academy and it's students 
Less than 20 tickets left for Manchester & London..don't miss out 
 Sir Gareth Edwards is back!He'll be LIVE on the 
Done the mixing and the muddling, now it’s time for the drinking at 
Purchase a €50 Voucher for €35 and you can enjoy a great meal at any of our locations! Click here to purchase! 
That being said, any ònye Anambra that desires to know the promises made by 
Pleasure! The more we can do to recognise the achievements of SLP & spread the importance of adult learning the better 
THE SKIPPER HAS WON IT FOR ENGLAND 
Our HR Heads of Department are at the BII/Propel People and Training Conference today! A full day highlighting the importance of a healthy team culture, perfect training planning and a strong customer relationship 
Get your holiday shopping done — with free shipping when you order by December 14th. 
Thank you so much for having me. What an inspiring night! 
goddamn, skateboarding rules! 
Let families be a part of the learning even when students visit other teachers. 
wow out of 7 we have 4 .Did we create history ??
Sunday throwback to bonfire night! With my people's! 
Put your hands up In The Air! 
Did someone say turn up the heat?
Well done Brad! 
Bitchin' Bitter is back on 
Top three needs to be Tiny Dancer, Rocket Man and Your Song 
A resource 400 samples deep of progressive house sounds, courtesy of 
7 awards + IAOY at last night’s 
Thank you to our guest speaker, Sarah Dunning OBE, for your inspiring speech today. We agree that commitment, belief in what’s around you and enterprise all help you to achieve 
Want to experience the Blinkist app's content? Check out a full book-in-blinks here for free 
Sooo..excited about new venture launching in 3 
Can't wait to see you! 
Spaceship progress update. We have colour! And more buttons 
Awesome stuff happening around the country this week for 
The turf got destroyed during Ohio State-Wisconsin and a hero emerged 
For those wondering who my partner and purple princess of dance was last night... My friend, the sensational 
Any graffiti artists around Sheffield area who are available between now and next Tuesday the 12th?! Drop us your details below it so 
Thanks everyone! This is set to be a fab event, not long to go now! 
Go Sullyyyyyy!!!! 
Thanks for breaking us in last night Milton Keynes 
 mug and a decorative classroom to start the week! 
You want color? You get color! 
Some recent Stencil activities on show 
The WINNER of America’s 
What?! Woke up to an 
Our recruiters couldn’t call this name out quickly enough at pick three overall in the ’09 national draft 
001 and 002 both out now. Big ups Kid Drama, an immensely talented artist and an all round top geezer too tbh! 
Had ZERO time this past weekend to bump that new 
We're so excited to finally share our complete Cell Phone EP with you guys! 
I’m forever grateful for the people who I have met through online, events, and school. All of my successes go to your presence in my life 
Went to sleep at 5am, slept for 5 hours. Gotta pack then I’ll be leaving Nashville and headed to 
WHAT A WONDERUL DAY!Thank you 
No words to say... Congratulations 
Who wants to ride the IMF Dream Machine?
One year ago today! 
Class snaps from last nights gig. 
It's week 8 and the FINAL week for the first half of Collegiate 
Great to sit in on Public Health England's Children, Young People & Families board meeting - can't believe how keen they were to have our insight on their work! 
Good luck to everyone receiving their 
Let's Goooooooooooooooooooooooo!!! 
 | Hey students! The Brain Fuel supply has been topped up! Pop by the CAA office (Rm.2439) for FREE healthy snacks! 
It’s Dubai time again! 
TGIF: Thank Goodness It's Film-Day... err, we mean FRIDAY! 
Results from a Speedtest taken while at sea? Sounds like 
Celebrating the launch of the new supperclub 
Oh man.... 
“The Prince’s Trust is a family of wonderful people all willing to make every bit of difference to people like me” – we love these words from Milly Rawley, winner of our London & SE Ambassador of the Year Award 
For your dining pleasure, today’s Plats Du Jour: Confit Duck Leg — see you for lunch 
 hey Somz le nna ke tshwana le bana ba bangwe hle.....from tomorrow I'm going to grind with you yasssssssss
Saturday night on the Castle Stage is going to be HUGE!!! 
WooHoo! Congratulations to Paula A on winning big at 
Pleased to have crafted Reflet Communication new website 
That December 1st feeling.. Only 24 sleeps until 
Very last minute reminder that if you haven't already registered to vote you can do so by filling out an RFA1 form from checktheregister.ie and getting it to your local city/county council by Saturday 25th November. (Issue One zine printed a few months ago by 
OFF THE FRONT!!
Costa Rica ran 300 days on 100 percent 
Good luck to the Coedlys team in the 
Both Andy & Ryan's tenacity, perseverance is inspiring. It has paid off well-done 
Totally band-crushing on Totally Mild 
We throw pretty sick bday bashes;) That means FREE champagne for u & ur friends
We're excited to announce that 
The strange & wonderful 
Fantastic!! I am going to have one happy boy!! 
Color isn't just for fashion. We're following this genius healthy eating guide from 
That’s our girl! Two awards in one week. 
Another hugely well-deserved accolade for 
We are really looking forward to see you there! 
Christmas shopping this year will be fun! Etsy Made Local is coming to a venue near you: 
GRIFFINS WIN!! 
Can't wait to see the release of the 
 SIX OF THE BEST!
Does that background look familiar?! 
SOUTHAMPTON get down to The Loft TONITE to see us & the mighty 
Hands up which members would like a full bag of polystyrene chips 
Our crew is ready to go! 
Today we’re launching Twitter premium APIs to kick off the next era of innovation for Twitter developers. 
Save big on some of Microsoft Studios' biggest games in the Black Friday Xbox Games Sale: 
There’s only one way to kick start your Friday  night. Who’s got an Orchard Pig in hand tonight? 
Two awesome messages tonight by 
The twitter handles of the WoC-run list of initiatives that foster D&I in tech which we tweeted a link to a few days ago. 
Time for our Top 3 touchdowns from this weekend's ACC action! 
Literally us right now! 
The arts & culture industry has grown 10% in a year & now contributes £8.5bn to the UK economy!  
thormovie continued it's domination of the box office this weekend! 
DECEMBER IS HERE! 
 was beyond surreal seeing you lot on the a word just now 
YES!!!! Go get 
We've got a $9 burger special (house AND veggie) for you this Carolina Panthers GAME DAY! See you in Southend for dinner, drinks or dinner AND drinks, 
This is it, just one day left until our beautiful summer event kicks off - we can't wait! 
It's definitely Friday & we are ready to play 
This fab event for us is tomorrow at Trafford Soccer Dome with two teams of brilliant Mustard Tree volunteers and beneficiaries involved! We will also be selling home-baked cakes and snacks for all athletes! Every penny will go to MT - so proud to be your Charity of the Year
Exciting news! Starting in 2018, admission to 
Joel Lowry.....above average breakaway....above average celly 
COME ON CITY!! 
The 2017 World Para Powerlifting Championships are only NINE days away! 
Only went and won best poster at 
 will be performing a father-and-daughter collaboration at RUNWAY’s 50th anniversary concert to celebrate with the band her father co-found and served as the beloved vocalist. 
Gear up, Army! Here is our full interview with the boys of 
Feels good doesn't it, 
You can already pre-save the new track here: 
Hope everyone's ready for our annual awards night tonight with guest past sponsored rider and maiden 
  All the Friday feels! 
Near Navan this weekend? Looking to stock up with some of our cider? Good news... you'll find us in O'Briens Wine Beer Spirits on Kennedy Road 
Getting some really good feedback with our last 64-bit PTR release. 
WOOOHOOO WE DID IT AGAIN
Russian AIA lovers! 
Our crowd from tonight's screening 
Well that's my last night in the motor home sorted! 
Guess what's around the corner... 
 goes to Tony who is taking part in the 24 hour Ultra Marathon tonight in aid of Children with Cancer UK. 
We're locked in to go hard with 
This Saturday! We've got a lunchtime fight at 
It's Saturday!!! 
Did you hear?! John and Anthony are coming to 
Can't believe its been 5 years. Miss you dude. 
1st comment and 1st like 
Veggie Castle For The Win 
WEEKEND WATCH: On Saturday we invite one of Germany's key house labels to EC1 as Running Back take over 
Like and RT to say thank you to all our amazing disabled officers, staff and volunteers who work 24/7/365 to keep you and those you love safe. 
Check the 'wrap text' option from the top-right user options menu in the editor, and never have to scroll horizontally again 
Much LOVE to Dr. Freeclouds dedicated to the Underground of Electronic Dance Music
So excited to have you along to our little festi-holiday at a castle by the sea...
Donating blood. Saving a human out there with the 
“It’s not just the big things, we need to do the small things well. It’s the small things that can matter”Well said 
Water is open for the LTC! Feb.28th is the earliest in 40 years 
London that was carnage-big love to all that came and made that our best gig in the city, also massive thanks to 
We are honored to have been ranked #2 for waste on the 2017 Sustainable Campus Index 
Ye Ne Boa MeBOA ME LYRIC VIDEO OUT NOW
We'll have every moment of the 
Friends, today I designed PC game UI. Excuse me while I jump in my time machine to go high five 12 year old Michael 
WONDERKID is available on Sky this weekend 
7M here we go!!!
Feedback on the first workshop run by 
AUSTRALIA INTO THE WORLD CUP!Congratulations to our 
An honour to meet one of the best of all time. Hopefully he enjoyed our performance as well! 
Its been a chilly weekend for most of us! Kudos to all the 
Finally, a little more daring on tonight's theme! Lily Aldridge 
Hands up everyone looking for a early fistmas present!
For the first time since 2003... 
“I am a student at United High School and I would like to thank you and all your crew members for coming all the way to Laredo and giving us the time of our lives!” - Emma G 
As far as I know you’re an old LP fan, yes they won’t be the same without Chester but still they are and will be notched above the other bands!!! 
The fans here are next level. Like actual paps - look at their cameras! 
BLAZE...full length album...12.1 
"When your on your grind, just keep in mind nobody owes you anything, so you won't get in your feelings when you don't get what you want" 
We've been down at Blundells Corner with 
'Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.'  - Dalai Lama 
Tonight we're playing our first ever gig on the Isle of Wight in Newport 
Can't wait to be fully fit again and back on the pitch helping the team. Just wana score goals and win games 
Well done Steve & Jerry 
ZDOL advances! Once we get back to this bracket, Barion will be up against Chuffles and Tomato against ZDol! Don't forget to post using 
'Until The End' doing solid 
Last night we picked up the ‘Growing Business of the Year: Smaller Company’ award at the 2017 
Aweome & very honest review of the show! Thank you we r addressing the queue issues with the venue - watch this space and thanks for visiting!! 
 What an afternoon at Selhurst Park as the Eagles deservedly beat the Champions!
100,000 retweets and we'll actually ask her do it... 
 X LΛWSOFSTYLE ' The Modern Day Gentleman ' collab blog post is now live 
Due to popular demand, the GTX 1080 TI GPU is back for 
It's a jam-packed 2018 for both 
This is fantastic: C2030E partner 
WAKE UP WAKE UP it’s 
Here's our first festival announcement for 2018 - and there's a lot more to come! Great lineup this 
A season's worth of celebrations 
WWD SQUAD GOALS! 
The Ashes starts *tonight* 
Team Ontario U15 Boy's Field 20 - 0 over Saskatchewan!
Hello! They were the brilliant 
A Special helmet for my home race! Thanks to 
This book has absolutely everything you need to know about the 
Highlife papapaaa played by FRA! 
Just look at those colours! Fresh seasonal veggies just in from 
Christmas came early! 
 - arguable the sickest live performer in the U.K.! 
It’s finally happening 
78' NOT 28 - 27 EAL2 points down, 2 minutes to go...a masterclass in how to stay calm under pressure 
The most beautiful venue I've ever played in! 
I’m going to be back in Dublin on Sat 25th November at 
No, we’re not yanking your chain. Nuts 2 just beat Carbide! 
Family and friends, please pray for my family...baby girl keeps getting sick. 
One of my fave sessions this year!!vibes with 
 If the other two cost half as much as the Dandy man then it will be a good field of grass 
Hitting the gym with a buddy is the best motivator 
So close. We're so proud of our volleyball team for another incredible season! 
And they're off! The Supercrit 
We're excited to have Gavin Strange 
We're super excited to show our support for 
Bloomberg showing BaseCamp & 
Do yourself a favour and purchase this incredible book. I purchased it yesterday and am struggling to put it down 
And last but not least, part 4 of my thank you note to show my gratitude to all the amazing singers & dancers that contributed to the What The Funk video 
God never makes mistakes 
For the 13th and final time in 2017, it's great to see 
One final and exciting note! Our new PrEP commercial for 
Great to talk to young kids of 
Dinosaur dresses heading out already 
FT: England secure their first win of the 
WOOO! Happy "Friday" friends! 
You chose... wisely. 
We've just hit 3 MILLION streams on 
 WORK IN FOOD! Excerpts from my presentation doclab today, followed by an interactive Futurist… 
Inside Sunday's NLP, read an exclusive interview with new 
Were you affected by the Boxing Day floods in 2015? If so, you'll be relieved to hear about 
“They call it music, i call it an addiction” 
Thrilled to announce the 8 Ukrainian & UK artists to take part in 
BOOMMM! Such huge congratulations - testament to the energy, vision and tenacity of 
If your looking for the perfect outfit for your Christmas night out then you NEED to check out Quiz in then Rivergate 
YESSSSSSSS. ALL THE 
A little motivation to stay productive and stay positive! 
Teams Solve Problems Faster When They’re More Cognitively Diverse 
24-7 Rock Star Shit is so damn good. IMO a return to form and surpassing all expectations 
To confirm tonight's winning goal was scored by the Erith Baresi, 
'I think the media and the older generation can have a negative outlook on young people. They think we are ignorant or don’t know enough. I think that’s ridiculous'
This. THIS! Always this!!!! 
Group of the Year + Song of the Year at 
Tickets for our London show on the 19th April have SOLD OUT. We can’t wait to see you there! 
Performance (by design). 
The iconic Tomahawk steak returns! 
 WE’RE HIRING!After some recent client wins & upcoming projects, we’re recruiting! 
Great afternoon delivering work on Physical Literacy development through OAA 
"If all girls attended school, we could eliminate 
We're cooking up 1 pot meals this morning at the 
Thanks to all who have made the first video for this project come true 
Who's looking forward to Rockingham? 
Early bird tickets sold out general release now on sale get your tickets now this will sell out 
In-person coaching has been truly (and unexpectedly) rewarding! 
A firm favorite photo. Happy birthday to the outstanding 
These sunsets have been unreal. 
Just a few days to snap up the remaining few tickets for our black tie ball 
We are delighted to have won 'Best Sporting Event' for the 3rd year in a row at the 
Great job on the branding and creating a vibe 
And yay for the amazing singer boy cool with crying 
Hands up if you were at Circus London? 
Excited about tonight's Times Higher Education awards
Great start to the day! 
I'm thrilled to be part of this team as we step into the new evolution of our platform 
Thank you to the 52,868 fans who watched the first ever 
Kendall Jenner and Willow Smith want everyone to 
So grateful to have gotten to know these amazing 
YES SHANIA! Check out 
An amazing write-up in @didgital_arts about the 
Bearly at 1 hour & 45 min of 
Adulting can be tough but Guiding’s got you! 
Can’t wait for this one tomorrow 
Dallas! Want to hang out with me at 
Over 200k plays on Acid Howl /w 
Jump around! Mauritius tonight! Let’s jump together at L‘Embrasure du Morne . 
IT'S TIME FOR MANCHESTER! See you all later for 
It's finally here!
 's performances were too dope man, the setup, entlek alles. I had Goosebumps the whole time 
 can you believe it it's just a few hours left till 
We're so pleased that the patients got the answers they needed tonight. Looks like they're doing well after their visit to see 
TGIF, baby! Who's ready for some weekend adventures?! 
Best way to start the day 
Awesome result for The Lie Detective. Best Entertainment at 
Picturesque write-up from our friend chef 
Game of thrones and Power, Mondays have became alot easier
[LOYAL FRIDAYS]Join us this Friday and stay loyal! Best music presented by DJ eM Bee 
In case you were wondering, RT Ponting has still got it... 
The stars are out tonight in Cork for the 
Ive never had a problem being creative.  Im very thankful for that.  
Maggies Leap available on draught, at the Square Ball, Dublin 
