Belfast!!! Yes!!! 
"Flow Job" might have been a lil too easy for 
Bonfire weekend is going to go off with a bang! We have 50% off mains and a free bonfire themed cocktail all weekend! 
free bottle of beer and free tote bag with every purchase on STUDENT DISCOUNT NIGHT 
Not gonna lie this is gonna be 
These Madhouse Team Store hats are 
 Everyting about this tape is ahead of its time. 
Good stuff 1. Ekholm absolutely next level right now, both sides of the puck
Another day, another 
My addition: “Have you ever done a poetry reading?” 
FREE TICKETS TO HOLY TRANNITY FOR A YEAR!
Adidas have released their latest Predators and they are 
Sorry we’re making you guys wait, but 
Tonight @ 02 Shepherds Bush Empire went offffffff 
Cory from "Cory in The House" on Disney channel freestyling 
These matches are ready to be lit! 
55 pitches, 12 teams & 12 organisers! 
We've added three new beers to the family... DIPA, Raspberry Choc Stout & a Vietnamese coffee milk porter ...Tasting amazing! 
As the kids say, it’s 
Wow Hell’s Kitchen makes all of the bomb artists huh? Love this!!!! 
4 huge syncs landed this month for Punks Publishing 
TONIGHT 8pm ET The 
So proud to have won Mid-Sized Consultancy of the Year at the 
Is you ready or nah ?? 
My EP drops in 3 days!!! Here's a short clip of my track 'Mammut' with some feedback I've received!! 
Just another day at the office 
Unbelievable win and atmosphere! @Dele_Alli on 
YO YO/ I'm so happy to announce that... my first single is out today! TOO SLOW, TOO FAR available here!! 
Dude today’s card is fire 
Birds In The Trap Sing McKnight.
TONIGHTS SHOW IN BRISTOL IS NOW SOLD OUT!!! 
WIN! To celebrate the Nike 'Fire and Ice' collection at Intersport Elverys, we had Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain sign the new Nike Hypervenoms!Click to enter on FB ➝ 
Our brand new remix is OUT TODAY!! If you like it share the love! 
Yo "Thick Blood" is on the 
Got that Friday feeling listening to 
Cupid “BODY” New 
The Victoria's Secret after party looks might've been sexier than the actual show 
When It Get Real Officially On 
“Caskets” video OUT NOW
Fantastic food amazing flavours hot, hot, hot 
Nasty Nas Offensive MVP 
Y’all ready for the house EDM Loops on 
Tonight's Late Show line up is 
Lorenzo Insigne’s absolute screamer last night 
Sick show last Wednesday at 
Tickets go onsale from 1pm today!! Ima have some new fire 
The Rap Show's first EVER live 
 Ralph heat new in on our asosmarketplace store 
Michigan Center's new helmets are in and these are red 
Now this is what we call a BAM! 
Solid team performance today! 
Dramatic raku ceramic firing scenes from Helen Gittins + team at TGLE 
Dan Dan noodles is lit 
 30% OFF ON ALL ITEMS UNTIL MONDAY 
One Song = Jidenna x MB x Quavo x Sark! 
That smif n wessun beat reminds me of halloween when u go trick or treating with fam 
Kylian Mbappe across all competitions for Monaco this season:28 starts26 goals11 assistsInvolved in a goal once every 68.8 minutes. 
So so psyched to be joined by my extra talented mate 
Thanks for the support everyone. 
H O L Y G R O U N DChicago, chains fell...fear bowed tonight! It was so great being able to worship with y'all 
Winner gets N100,000 & the runner-up gets N50,000 
My debut in Istanbul this weekend 
You've been at work all day and now you need some Good laughs, here you go: 
What a side this Tottenham team are 
When you burn the roof of your mouth at dinner but still need that hot 
With this awesome line-up Spinnin' Sessions at TDME 2017 can't be anything else than LIT 
Showcasing two hot talents on 
 Hot stuff:MTK Global pleased to announce the appointment of 
Can't wait for the next couple days! Playing 
You really were Liris!! Amazingly beautiful with a dash of dopeness and a sprinkle of 
Found my new sound. 
@bmile180 z new movie 'Come Around' iz out tical, link in my profile 
March 3rd, the Drum and Bass Awards come to Starworks Warehouse
Thank you for tuning in to episode 12, it was 
 Wow!!Francis was 
Can’t stop bumping the new 
Whole Stuffed Rotisserie Quail with Satay Sauce 
Yeah Yeah Yeah Weh di Traffic Stoppa Deh? 
WIN A CHANCE TO HAVE A YEAR OF FREE SHOWS! 
 Bring some family, bring some friends. 'Screenagers' premieres this Thursday in Alumni at 7:30pm! 
So I nearly choked to death and it sounded exactly like the drop synth in this 
Literally every stop of this tour with 
 Cosa Nostra Kidd - Position [Prod. By Mondo] 
Great away win from the boys, love a 1-0! @CharlieGrainger on 
Low Steppa​'s set was 
Oh...I am...and she knows why!!! 
Don't sleep on this one 
Bad man Pheelz! Original bad man! 
“Type of Woman” Now available everywhere!! 
Psyched to be hanging with the rvcaskate team in da islands!!! 
Moments to Midnight is now live! These bodysuit options are 
So good legend! 
 Win A Trip To Tenerife! 
 starts now! Let’s push 
Repost if you think I should drop my new video "Dexterous Creek"
What a blast this was! Check out what went down at 
It's been way too long since we've done GTA 5 Play As A Cop mod... GET READY FOR AN EPIC LIVESTREAM 
This Saturday You can catch me in Granada!Can not wait. See you soon Spain
TONIGHT FROM 12-2AM POWER 105.1 WITH 
It’s Litty Again 
So many whips on this Las Vegas strip 
New Helmet!! Nouveau Casque 
A little over 10 weeks until implementation of the 
I started this gangster shit and its the mother fucking thanks i get 
200 medley relay QUALIFIES FOR FINALS for the first time in program history and breaks the school record with a time of 1:45.82!!! Catch them swimming tomorrow!!
We had such a fabulous evening last night. Thank you 
Sold out show in Toronto tonight - if you were able to get a ticket, we’ll see ya there! 
What an exhausting and awesome day 0 of 
We've got another batch of sick frags for our Community 
So honored to be part of this!  Congrats 
I’m at the hairdressers and things are getting drastic.... 
“Do what sets you on fire” 
Unreal performance from Wales! 
★ "THERAPY" Is the name of the solo album of my brother FABIO FUSCO, which includes a collaboration that we made in the beautiful Hamburg  
We've got a new newsletter for you with releases by 
Our boys New Beat is absolute FIRE right now... check out 
nice to get 90 minutes tonight great display from the team // & thanks to all the fans for the support 
 is onto some next level shit 
 linking up with Positive peoples in these times is a must! This was a real nice vibes in the studio 
 BIG CONGRATS to Levi’s® Music Project's 
NO. i dont watch WAGS, I watch 
Gonna heat up your SoundCloud feed this week 
25% OFF TODAY
testin out a new one by the homies 
Cupid New Song “BODY” 
Praying that tonight will be filled with Your presence!!! 
this track is fire!!! Full Support 
“The Way She Move” Ft 
Stockbridge for game of the week!!
We're just a week away from 
We are very excited for this Friday too. So is 
Holy moly the Incendia Fire Stage at 
Yup, she really did. Thanks so much for sharing your wisdom, 
We have a vintage jacket sale over on our 
NEW YORK CITY!! Coming for you in 2 weeks!! Get yo tix & come see me 
This album already is fire
GO LEAP!! 
Excellent video about the dangers of Carbon Monoxide Poisoning. Please get your gas appliances checked by a competent engineer.
What a game!!!! Wow!!!  Hope to see the bro 
Hometown LA show this friday 
Their love/hate relationship is legendary in the hockey world and hot enough to melt ice.
Let the good news train keep rolling!!! So much awesome stuff coming soon :D 
Legendary international Selector Mr. G takes to our decks & steps in to the mix for 
 We’ve added ‘around.away’ to our playlist 
The conversation is about to get explosive. 
“Light It” with 
Super namek now I make planets move Adopted gohan now that’s my lil dude
LONDON BABY! Playing 
25% OFF EVERYTHING
 Big shout out to everyone feeling my 
Who's getting lit with us on DEC 23 
This time next week we’ll be gearing up for our summer season finale 
OCTOBER 30TH MY BRO whisperspk3 DROPPING THAT NEW 
Happy to announce that I will be back at Reverze for the 3rd time in a row! 
That old school Grime feel 
Finally i can show the work I've done early this year...WAFEPROJECT MOVIE PRPDUCTION!!! 
HOT TOOL!!! 
Damn 18 mins and show is 
Falcons DE Adrian Clayborn had himself a career game in Dallas. 
OAP: Old Age Producer 
ASAP Rocky says “Flacko Season about to drop real soon” 
This tour begins in exactly ONE MONTH!! 
IT’S HERE!!! WATCH THE HOT MESS: FAN EDITION VIDEO AT 
10 days until TY Fest with 
Aaaaand we’re back!!! This season is #
Game on!!! Pushed Sydney so deep... felt like that was coming and what a finish from 
Despite the cold Philly was on fire last night 
We’re in for another MASSIVE 
Im blessed to be surrounded with greatness, Durban let’s make it happen this Sunday 
We keep on rollin' 
GOATcase spring blow out sale! 50% off store wide! Get everything you want before it's over
Hit em with that left right 
Yo!We need to spread the word on this one!
Cardiff we are coming back for you! Last Tuesday 
Best controller & camera settings going live today 
The Session is out today Digitally and Vinyl is shipping now for next week! @synkrodub 
Myth Busting Mondays TODAY!
WOLVES WIN the 64th CYO Tournament!
 When are you dropping this on Apple Music?! I need this downloaded on all my devices 
MELLO WE SEE YOU
GLASGOW LAST NIGHT POPPED OFF 
How could somebody actually hate 
Win a beatiful AWP Dragon Lore (FN) here 
Been catching up on a ton of SA house music now that I’ve come up to breathe. Firstly, can 
Fuckkkkk. Just watched the video for ‘The Aura’ and it’s the absolute bollocks. Bravo 
I’m playing tonight in London. Get yourself down there 
WHOS COMING ??? Houston turn up 
Wow! Firecracking! 
 We want YOUR opinion! Who will be the MVP of NYC next Saturday? Make your choice known! 
It's a family affair when they all come to visit! Don't miss an all-new 
Bad light forced the 1st Test to a draw after 
 i can’t wait to see you again. It’s always a movieeee
Dilli ki sardi door karne aa raha hai 
Almost at 4 Million views 
Hey I’m playing a game called HQ Trivia. You should play too. Use my code ‘beler’ to sign up 
JACKSONVILLE, FL - We can't wait to see y'all TODAY for the 
You were and are a very Talented Selecta and Da Smokey now bringin da heat on da Beats too. 
Get 'em while they're hot 
WE DEM BOIS!
Chris Brown sampled Jacquees on his album
 a night of Controversy, Magic and Burlesque
*** STYX REOPENS THIS WEEK *** New menu including three (yes three) winter warmers! 
Hype and talk only goes so far when you play good teams with good players 
Three HUGE Legends at 11 on the way for you 
Well... that happened didn’t it. Great spirit from the lads to never give up. Love late goals at the Loft end 
We’ll take a 9.5 from 
If you didn't listen last time listen now, older tracks have gone but EP is up & 
“I was a broadcast journalism major at 
These kick drums are too crucial for any, and all whip activitiesCheck out "Sticks In The Dirt" by 
More from Mo today? 
Glute Activation is a trendy topic right now and with good reason. 
You guys killed us that day 
Please Support my bro’s new video 
Lil Baby ft. 
Yoooooo we blowin UP... 
My favorite rappers as of now are pretty much all from the Bay Area...P-Lo, G-Eazy, IAMSU, HBK Gang. I'm telling you, the Bay is on the come up in the Hip Hop scene. Big time! 
Iron BEAR Grand Finale!!!! Fire it up!!!
I change the car like the kids change semesters 
Another sneak peek of the latest 
Whose bringing the HEAT? We are!! Sweet Heat 
In 5 days !!! 
here's to FEELIN GOOD all the time 
 everywhere bang bang Rosco 
2 days left....
 REMIX with @NSGNSGMUSIC out tomorrow 
This song goes so hard!! One of my top favorites from 
MY LIVE SET FROM EDC ORLANDO IS UP ON SOUNDCLOUD NOW!!! 
Imagine if I was the kind of person who could write a normal review of a 
Just Announced: On Dec/9, CJ Fly —
Air max on my feet, obviously 
 Showing support for Cass this coming weekend
One of my favorite moments.
Dinosaurs meet the wild west in our latest High-Five interview on the BackerKit blog!
Making an impact already in the college careers! 
Feeling fiery as we announce our Hottest Band of '18! Yes.... 
Another day...another shoot 
The Magician is Back! 
Thank you dreamers, that was absolutley sick 
feel like “redbone” definitely deserves to win a grammy 
Just Banco - Soo Yung 
What a weekend it's been for us at Take 1 Dance with the finalists of 
You’ll be hearing ‘Pulsar’ a lot more on 6music from now on 
I appreciate it you know its all about them good vibes 
I've penned an online petition for 
And congrats to all the winners this year! Very difficult award to being home, 
Rodney Pryor scored a team-high 19 points last night, making 13-16 FT attempts in the 4th quarter alone! 
Check this tune out. Pure 
Last night I used an if statement to fix a spelling mistake on a meta key value I couldn't alter. Via editor, no less... 
 Man this ''MY WOMAN'' Song dey blow the girls dema brains o!!! The song dey bee pass...some all day vibe!!!
The boys are on fire tonight 
Crop top vibes in this endless summer heat 
This week's MTV Dance (Sky 354/Virgin 314) playlist is here ft. 
That’s how you celebrate a beautifully crafted goal! 
Both are my past, present and future. However, feet to the 
Buzzing! Minus has been added to the  
Cmon - Hardy Caprio ft. Tion Wayne 
Watch this video 3 times a week 
Mr. D's Dollar Sundays are 
Breaking News  from Bear Nation ! UPIKE has just picked up a big commitment from one of the top QB's in the state Georgia Jacob "The Magic Man" Brumby from Pickens County!!@UPIKEFOOTBALL 
The weekend is going to be. 
The pleat game in this pic is fire 
Still can't believe what an INSANE line-up we had at our incredible Spinnin' Sessions party at ADE 2017 
Group 3: Survival 
KRS-One live at Jazz Cafe London tonight.
I have something HUGE in the works for New Years.... Valentine is about to change everything in Brooklyn
This Saturday we're in for a treat with Dixon, Trikk, Fedele and Raw District! 
'It's the thing I enjoy most.'ICYMI, 
And Megan hits her SECOND platinum -- this girl is on 
HOT VIDEO!! 
The focus of Black Women in STEM this weekend is so 
Dernier GIG en Bretagne !!! Don't miss it ! 
 - When's My Time 
Magic, books and secrets 
I am broadcasting on live.ly. Join and chat with me now! I AM TALKING ABOUT 
 | Yo! And just like that 
Wu & Wings Wednesday is live til midnight. Cheap pitchers, 1/2 price wings, Wu-Tang Clan 
Our upcoming Heavyweight 5-0 (5KOs) 
New album has a final release date! ~ 26th of January, 2018 
Cheyenne Jackson finds love on the dance floor in a new movie musical 
Which under-the-wall free-kick by the Magician was better? 
Remember remember 5th of November! we are cancelled, so enjoy the 
HUGE SHOW COMING UP! 
What are you doing Nov 28? We have one more ticket left for our Practical Advice For Getting Into Tech workshop! Grab it while it's 
JULIUS RANDLE with the MONSTER block! 
On the OPEN MIC: Bobby C, 
WNS was madness last night 
Any song Dotman drops I'm downloading straight up....i know it's pure 
For the next hour Megan and Meg will be bringing you the Best of British throwbacks
NEW VIDEO - The iPhone X Unboxing You Deserve - 
We’re currently top 10 in South Africa’s 
A million thanks to all of you guys 
 SOMA #013 IS TONIGHT 
NEW EXCLUSIVES IN! 
Here something that goes hard af 
Cant even stop listening to Snakecharmer by 
It's gonna be a lit December 
HOT OFF THE PRESS! 
The BOO The BOO 
WET: The Wonderful Ego Trip Tracklist 
2Baba/ Vector/ Raw Live  
Ayyy back to back babe 
time to start listening to christmas music
Make sure you go buy tix for 
say what you want about taylor but her new album is brutally honest and you can’t deny it’s fun to try to figure out who all her songs are about. 
Jamie Clark scores NINE(9) - get him in that team of the week 
 Pushing yourself to remove comments is one of the best drivers towards clean code. Here's a few tips on how to spot and replace comments that may be unnecessary…
Ready for takeoff in Taipei with a 2 night sold out show ready to rumble 
 AASE 28-8 win over Exeter. Unbelievable. Not seen character like it 
Watch out from 10:00 when Ace will be spinning jingles so 
Can't wait to start tomorrow
Alright you lot, we're closing out the Flying Machine Cafe on Sunday night, 10PM - 4AM, in the Body & Soul Area 
 join us this friday @ 21:00 PM (GMT) for 
AYYYYYOOOO SQUAAAAD IT’S ABOUT TO BE LIT UP IN THE POP UP brooo... Exclusive merch..... Photo Ops.... Exclusive experiences.... EXCLUSIVE EXCLUSIVENESS.... Me and the fammmm Team 10
December 15, 2017! Save the date cause these shows kill it every time! 
HE WAS SO WITHIN! 
It's gonna be good 
Tune in @ 6:30 to hear some 
 really vibin’ on all these beats! It’s a vibe I never felt before at that! 
Weekend inbound - destination 
We are a day away from getting to see 
MY OFFICIAL 2017 INTRO MADE BY 
Nokwazi shaking the dance floor 
Sometimes, dropping into a split is the perfect tennis play. 
Kurnell was quite the sight throughout the day today. Hoping the fire is soon under control 
We’ve got the firepits 
last day to grab the best dumplings in the dmv at 
If you're in the UK, catch 
IRVINE SECOND SHOW ADDED! 
Oh yea. Neil and I bring the 
About to read the Black Eyed Peas' new Graphic Novel 'Master of The Sun: The Zombie Chronicles'! It's lit 
RT and like this tweet for a chance for a follow and free pizza. I'm picking the winner in 24 hours, yeet
just got NbaLive18 and Need For Speed Payback just by paying my bill with Verizon 
  was by far one of the best sets I've seen this year pure 
These coaches led their teams to 
Just noticed Belphegor is playing in Toronto the same night as Jimmy Eat World... time to jump ship and go see some death metalllll 
We took a little too much coffee to Cup North, help us find loving homes for it, please? 
Wow, GTA 5 is Lit! 
Know the facts, not the myths about fire sprinklers. 
Make sure to tune in! You don’t want to miss it! Make sure you turn those notifications on!
Bend the knee & realize that “Chaos Isn't a Pit”, it's lit 
Earlier today with@DJYodaUK 
MAN U's HOT!
Kyle Kuzma: Still 
It Bumps....
"You cannot enslave a mind that knows itself." 
I can’t stop watching 
Tried something different today with my writing/rap style. Rough draft but i'm really liking how this sounds.The grind never ends 
ON REPEAT!!! Can't get enough of 
This is gonna be lit 
The Arm Super-set of the week with 
Newly released AW charcoal tracksuit 
I'm a bit late, but the 
 calls for some Real Good BBQ
counting down the seconds until i can leave work and head to the official Turkey Day pregame tn 
FIRE!!!!!
Our new brunch menu is 
yaaaas, thanks for adding ‘Daydream’ to your cracking playlist 
GAME DAY. Playing FaZe in a bo5 for the trophy today, make sure to tune in!
Keyshia Cole caught a whole entire vibe on this song 
 Bucharest Grill's Chicken!!!! 
And it was at the 8 o'clock hour on Sunday night on Day 2 of the 
We’re ready to sound check!Riot Days in Dublin 
Due to high demand: limited edition single day tickets available starting today! Combi still available 
Don't miss your chance to see 
Up and at 'em! Tipoff is early this morning!
Late night bleezy. RT if you got love for the bass player. 
Awesome remix, fire up 
Bandage Babes we've got a treat for you!Stacey bandage was €50 now €42.50 with the code 'EGG' here 
Studio session tonight with the homie 
The Shirt To End All Shirts 
Player's Weekend tees are in and they are 
Nov 22nd @ 4PM we will change the way you receive Career and Job Search Info. Craig Ford from The National Union of Hospital & Healthcare Employees visits. Plus music from  
[PREMIERE] Banger remix from Kovaxx off Nonfiction & Thomas Garcia's EP on House Of Hustle 
TONIGHT WE CELEBRATE ANOTHER HUGE POP CULTURE  
“I heard it’s ILL in the lobby, I grab the NOSE-RUNNIN I’m coming DOWN WITH SUMN” ~ 
Yesssssssssssssssssssssssss - I wnna come see it so I can ugly cry + take pics of it + show you off 
Please go and support the multi talented songwriter& Artist 
LET THE GAMES BEGIN... and may the odds be ever in your favour 
I can’t get enough of this moombah heat 
OMG.. Next week is going to be LIT!! 
You bet! My thoughts are it was quite emotional for me. I was able to really dissect and uncover why I act the way I do and able to work on your chapter suggestions to work on taking the certain mask off. So far it’s been working and making s huge difference in my life. 
GO LISTEN TO MY NEW SHIT 
Did you know that the Wednesday before Thanksgiving is statistically the most lit club night in the country? 
After like 20months of ideation and preparation we bring you  
Follow my brand @mvmnt_london we launch October 3rd 
THE TIME HAS COME. December 30th we are supporting 
Only gone and got a ticket for the Merseyside derby. 
 your performance last night @ 
Throwback to Spinnin' Sessions at ADE 2017 last week when 
This year's poster is 
Y’all invited !! Sunday Oct 15th Annual Pig Roast Dinner. Live Music+ Happy Hour All Night !!
Proz Taylor — '1000 Nights In Hell' out now: 
This was Lil Peep Favorite Song
You can't slay a savage. 
Hot new track dropping later from our Brazilian family, NARCO 
Get her to 10k views! 
Our Heated Apparel Has Become a Global Phenomenon!!!
I’m just gonna leave this right here 
Surprise! We just had a few tickets for tonight's sold out Tori Amos show open up. Grab 'em while they're hot 
tf are we ON the sun?! 
Best duo in college basketball?? 
Dm me names and surname with or without payment by Thursday ladies . I'll sort you out with beautiful bundles for this Summer 
 is the most underrated sandwich shop - Chicken Teriyaki is 
 SPREAD THE WORD FAR AND WIDE: The 
Pre Order my debut album now 
NO OFFERS!! NO WORRIES!!AR Next Level and AR Elite 100 are joining forces!!
Samuel Willstrop with a FIRST place finish in the 50 Free 
This tour has been one of the best ever and last night was no exception. Thanks to everyone who came and made our nights! 
Doing Pizza Orders, Money Flips and MORE 
S-DRAK & X-DRAK: 2 new models from 
Saturday Aug 19 // Can't f%^*ing wait // 
Met Gala might be the hardest beat of the year. 
We've been waiting to welcome back 
Very very very interesting chats today with 
 is the only thing getting me through this day! BABYLON DEAD TAKEN OVER Jeeeez 
How are you starting off your weekend?? Make sure to follow my latest spotify playlist to start off your weekend with new fresh music with tracks from artists like 
Bounce Back de AWWZ y Demmy Sober en 
ITS FINALLY OUT! New one w/ 
Seems there is no way of stopping “The Magnificent 
Go to @YouMenswear in Camberley and check out our stock inside 
Takeaway, touchdown. 
The SIC merchandise line is available now on 
1Million!!!!!
Tune in TONIGHT!!! 7pm-9pm for latest dancehall jugglin 
Also, friends in radio and TV, how y’all not gonna tell me about 
Nail biting stuff. Well done, 
Dreps's Birthday Bash at Fire 
Coming this Friday!!!
 The brand-new Web Tooling Benchmark helps identify & fix 
appreciate it brother. Keep the 
Yooooooo!!  This weekend "Off the Field" Is Going To Be 
Love you cuz fr man 
My new track "Caos" is out today on 
Some new FG too, listeeeennn 
The rap game isn’t prepared for this.....  this is gonna be huge 
Don't miss out on these offers - save 25% 
Initial Incident Command day 1. Realistic scenarios for new IC's. 1st day of NFRS new IIC course, mix of practical and XVR simulation. 
**Build-a-stack today (Reg or XL) and receive FREE SHIPPING on your entire order!**USE CODE: FREESHIPPING at checkout to redeem today's special offer!! This will only be valid for domestic purchases!Head over to 
This Friday 10/25 A night of some heavy Afro jazz! 
If you're in Southampton I'm performing on the buses on the Single Deck at 'Words on Wheels'… 
Free hairbond body wash when you spend over £29 at 
Annie Waits will screen before Daphne on 8/11 - 
Young Chop is still too good
THE CITY OF BRASS is in stores now, and I’m going to be going on hiatus while I work on the sequel, so here’s a quick recap if you’re a new follower. 
Can you say pumped beyond measure! At this time next week being a sponge soaking up the greatness from these incredible coaches!! SISTA FIRE!!! 
 What a Day!!
Only three of these shirts left all in medium! Go pick one up they won't be reprinted 
Top away win from the Boys
Here is the updated Super-Middleweight tournament bracket! 
Let's Get This Into The TOP 10 Today!
Two great athletes that love to be fast! 
See Kendrick’s verse on Rich The Kids ‘New Freezer’ tune?!! Flames!!!! Real real flames!! 
For The Love Of Two-Strokes Ep.2 has dropped. Awesome 20-minute edit... 
We play at 1 PM today! It's been moved to inside the 
Josh Braun for three!! 
Just in “Warren Park” 
 Are U Ready for the new 
We need to contact our reps & the FCC about 
This first pass at a fire effect was deemed too hot, realistic and scary 
Dropping a Black Friday 50% OFF discount in our web store tomorrow eve 
 One week from today, 
New BOEKE! Coming out on 
This one is forthcoming and we are starting the year with a bang at 
We are SO EXCITED to welcome 
Oh man, they did not disappoint. This album is 
These are actually real cool so grab one quick cause they lit af 
What an epic day! 
The trifecta is complete! 
Sunday sail with da boysss, Alex Perelson 
The incomparable Sharon Irving & Brandon Grissom 
Youth ministry is a whole church task. Yes 
Spring Tour dates around the UK plus London Xmas show Dec 14th tickets now available! Get 'em while we're hot!! 
New joint by my brother Skits Vicious of Dope D.O.D. 
See you soon!!! Upcoming shows with 
Whaaaaaaaaat!!!!!! 
1 street, 2 bars, 4 individual restaurants, & a huge secret garden. The Prince is gonna be INSANE: 
Our first Wu & Wings Wednesday is upon us in the teahouseyyc 
Atmosphere at Elland Road last night was 
New week fresh start .. HOT TUBES 
repost from tc222_fanpage Race Day Today ! 
FANTASTIC High Performance Camp today at Nottingham Hockey Centre!! Looking forward to more fun tomorrow!! 
My verdict on Magical Girl Spec-Ops Asuka 
Lots of people been asking for examples of Ghost running in the wild, so 
Put a tweet out about, and now I'm baaaaack. Twitter 
Fun fact our offices also have a wood fire 
This is a judgement free zone. The show's gonna be lit 
Who’s racing who this year??? This camp is going to be 
Have bullets spitting outta tee (tea) like ain't no sugar in this shit- 
Facts fam...YK has been underrated for the longest which is very mind boggling. The underdogs; YK, JC, Danny Myers, etc are the ones I always root for because they stay droppin 
Chicken has and will always be my go to source of protein fueling my demanding needs as a professional sportsman and my 
AHHHH! Can't wait for 
 Most league goals in 2017 (not inc. PENS; top 6 tiers):28
A few pics from our first annual HOT LUCK festival. 2018 date coming soon!                  
90 podium finishes so far in his careerKeep flying iceman! 
Absolutely brilliant tonight in Manchester 
Grand Rapids tonight! Playing at Intersection 
Only heard 2 songs off of 
Just gonna leave this there 
July 9th is gonna be LIT!
A joint album from Big Sean and Metro Boomin is coming this month 
Morning motivation,we dey jam to 
CAKESHOP IS SO PACKED NOW AND BURNING NOW WITH HOWIE LEE 
To kickstart that last journey around the sun in my 30s, I'm going with fire! 
I’m over the moon tooooo! 
On a Mission to Fill Up Thika Stadium This 
check out this clip from yesterday of Asia & Lewis 
Congratulations to #24 Ceejay Nofuente for being tonight's 
C/O 2018 Senior Show was on 
 is back on Oct 30 w/ a 
Seven lovely individuals and some 2 bit "gangster" I beat in September. 
Our Plasterboard can achieve a fire rating but only when used as part of a whole system.For information on our Fire performance please see our manual from page 316 or contact us for advice on 01795 416 259 
Don't miss October's 
jesus, previously unreleased Parmegiani, on a Drexciyan tip in 1982 lol.  
NEXT: After a MASSIVE performance in 
Want some custom stuff made by the guy behind all the Twonk designs!You gotta nab some of this!
Stop by our North Hills Locker Room Sale and we'll hook you up 
Beautiful lift and tint by beautybyallieb! 
‘Purple Evenings Mixtape’ my jam for the rest of the year
Tickets now on sale for Tonight Alive here in Bristol next March!
Childish Gambino rapping over the Stranger Things theme 
NEW MIX OUT NOW
Only the good vibes up in here! 
10 Million Views!Been shooting for Hardy since 2015 and the progression has been phenomenal.. 2018 is gonna a great year for him
B-E-A-utiful day for football. Big thanks to our friends 
 is the #1 Friday party in NYC 
The Funk Hunters x Leo Napier = 
Update: Each piece was 
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight 
That boy Dj Khaled really know something too lol...wild thoughts go so crazy 
Last night on the Practice Grounds 
En route Bristollllllll ready to shell down 
Big moves only! Great video and a great school!!! 
I've seen a few gigs in my time, but the set I've heard 
The OG homey RAW aka 6Blocc crushing out in#brooklyn on the 
Wasn’t much of a DnB fan but 
This SAT.11.NOV we bring the heat with our Ayia Napa Summer Reunion! 
About yesterday...Alone in the water, looking the sunset, what a feeling !
 the best part is, YALL AINT SEEM NOTHING YET! Tomorrow we reveal the 
T O M M O R R O W 
  ACTION cures impostor syndrome 
Y’all go copp that 
The wait is almost over...It's Game Day 
Not ready to say goodbye to all the summer fun just yet! Closing out the season with a bang for 
taee savage x knocked off 
Listen to Glvckboy The Eskimo (Ft.Bossman Sosa)- Bad Luck by Glvckboy The Eskimo 
Always a hyped show every time 
Fri. 12/1 - Head to SOBs for Trap Glo NYC, presented by Live from the Trap! Feat. a full line up of Djs playing your favorite trap music all night & glow in the dark art 
RDS CRAFT FAIR 2017 
Dream Village (Official Visual) 
 FUNK CANNON       America Tour      (THE MOVIE)        OUT NOW! 
Time to get Fired Up for Canada!  Support our favorite pilot 
New lp out now from Notts finest 
The most tense endurance I’ve had so far! AI on max difficulty, no racing line 
Happy Bonfire Night! 
Primetime had so much swagger on the turf 
Dubai 7’s champions 2017! Great start to the season, 
 Maxwell Lorca-Lloyd 19’ (
Oi this is a banger!!
Big weekend incoming. Off to Tallinn to play for the 
Happy Birthday Oliver Sykes 
You don't need big tits and a big ass to be 
Wow! I'm blown away by the 
Looking back at it  our shows are very lit 
Can’t get over how sick 
Oh we're just getting warmed up, Judith 
You deserve it champ! Play hard!
I told you so, pineapple skies,skywalker, this whole album straight
Leeds crew...This Saturday we head north to 
 @ The Craft Beer Co. Brighton 
 takeaway: The world is smaller than you think, your creative power is bigger than you think, and the only limit to what you can create in your lifetime is what you allow yourself to believe 
Game Day! There’s a 99% chance it will rain in McGuirk Arena tonight. 
So full of Steamed Hams 
Tonight make sure you tune into 
Happy Bonfire night! 
“The fake luv the fake daps the fake hugs consist of fake niggas & fake thugs”
That's a wrap on season 1 of 
Take off your jackets, turn on your radio and get comfortable because Big Shaq is on with 
Two days to go... 
Heavyweight cuts unmixed & in full... Most Rated 2018 drops next Friday! 
CARDI B SAW MY MA FUCKIN VIDEO WE LIVE BABY !!!!! 
Let's Do This 
T2 and Shady have arrived. 
We're very pleased to announce our latest event with our Contributor Skill4ltu, lasting for 3 whole weeks! 
As the dew turns to frost, bring the heat
Senior Girls’ team strategizing their next move 
 talking about developer communities in Uganda 
 honestly fave part in the entire song.
It's that time Chicago!! 
Great practice session last night with quality company 
Six iconic artists explore the power of the erotic 
During her “internship on laziness”, 
 PRO BOARDS are HERE! 
What. A. Show! 
 you nasty with the visuals!! 
 Since :before and :after are first class CSS Grid items, this “lines on either side” design can easily be accomplished in ~10 lines of CSS
I  K N O W. 
evergreen jam ...wofe Dami duro ooooo ,then don't know 
Burn more than the bonfire this weekend with these back-burning exercises!
That windbreaker though...
We're comin' in hot, 
Pietro Boselli Rocks Skintight White Briefs On Fashion Show Runway 
Very cool to see my old friends in 
Tonight! I the Mighty with Hail the Sun, Good Tiger, and more at the Foundry 
FANS! Dropping a major trailer TOMORROW 10:30AM PST! 
WHAT A NIGHT!! 
Possibly the toughest draw to play Germany and unfortunate Mexico will not get its revenge against the Netherlands. Still gonna be 
Be sure to check out Kirby Smart All-Access this fall.
  Pretty & Bad Out now!! All digital outlets and streaming sites... 
YOUR SONGS SOUND LiKE iNTROS TO ROBO COP 7 
The weather may be cooling down but @atlas_atlanta has the perfect cocktails to warm you up! 
The End of the F***ing World is an effing triumph 
roasting that marshmallow fluff on the s'mores cheesecake on a stick // 
2 days away from the weekend starting with 
TRABANCA with JUNIOR is OUT NOW! 
Young T & Bugsey do not get enough credit 
Yessss! I can’t wait! 
If you are a large workplace and would like to support 
11:12 1st | Gaels 21, Spartans 15Gaels off to a 
I'm really having fun 
 Most L1 wins by 3+ goals (17/18):5
Her words from the Land of Fire 
Last night we played tunes from „Repetitions” with 
 Pre-order details for our new home kit 
 Brilliant Season & A Fitting Finale 
Available at tomorrow's sale 
This Sunday on Mad About Bars we bring you 
Black Friday camp out in front of Carter’s. Either 
Kris Jenkins notched his career-high 16 points last night, including 4 three-pointers in the 4th quarter 
Click the link to hear that good ish from crew member 
Gameday at my Sister's house is about to get 
Who is ready for ‘In The Air’ to drop tomorrow? 
FREE PARTY this Saturday at Stage & Radio 
THIS SAT IM COMING HOME
When it's one month to National Signing Day! 
For a dose of the best dancehall and DnB, listen to this incredible 
 I knew that was you in phone jumpin 
I am accepting bookings for 2018! That includes wrestlemania week! I am licensed in Louisiana! Passport ready!! Shoot me an email kierahoganbusiness@yahoo.com   Make your show a little hotter next year with the girl on fire! 
This looks like loads of massive beetle bugs. I'm very much into this idea. 
WHAT. A. WEEK/WEEKEND 
 For The Love of Two-Strokes – Ep.2 coming soon
NEW WORKOUT: Full Body Fat Burning Workout | 20 Minutes 20 Exercises 
Don't judge a book by its cover 
Kiss Daniel | No do 
[WHO WON?] KOTD: Rap Battle- 
Counting out the days until this madness! 
Signs of Teacher Burnout:
Ok so yes,me and the very hot 
Magnitudo by Saint Sinners is out now!! 
The Niko Medved era of 
Last release of the year coming out SOON! 
 LIVE THIS SATURDAY 4 NOVEMBER 2017 | HOUSE OF AFRIKA | THE LOFTTHE BEST OF HOUSE, HIPHOP & RNB UNDER ONE ROOF 
She always fire but good lord
Give me the herb and a pad and a pen and let me be I'm happy on my own with a spliff and a hip hop dvd 
COME WITNESS THE BRO FUCKING SHIIT UP AT 
And that’s the bonus point for 
Who is ready for 2018??? 
TOMORROW catch our party at our secret South London location where the lady herself 
GU NYE (Budapest) with Dave Seaman, Darren Emerson, Danny Howells, Anthony Pappa, Lexicon Avenue, Marcelo Vasami & Darin Epsilon 
This episode was so good next week is going to be 
So excited to share this with yall
Shot a flippin MOVIE today!
I keep saying!!!
It’s going to be a real musical experience with 
New batting practice caps for 2018. 
Turn the heat up with the new Thermal case
Yo y’all gotta get 
THEO ADAMS COMPANY WEARING HALPERN AW2017 PERFORMING @ ANNABEL'S 
That feeling when you make HISTORY!! Congrats 
Probable lineups for Sunday's HOME dual vs. 
Another heater from the tag team champions 
Been looking forward to this starting 
They spent their first playoff Saturday burning DBs 
Sunday, Beach Stage, 2pm 
In case you missed it...The one and only 
y'all cant handle this. 
Our new surf map is 
 OCTOBER @ BIG LOUD 
Here is "Beware of the Humans" Official Album Cover 
 obidi,number one ,You're the best MC
Not gonna lie, 
 was a roaring success! Shout out to all our sponsors, mentors, volunteers and the brilliant minds who came out to hack!! 
Last night's show is now up on the cloud, music from 
Across SC & YT play count now over 50,000+. I'd like to think 1 person liked it out of 50K! BiG Up yo' bad selves!
Everybody winnin’ & that’s nice to see. 
Let’s get this to 1 million plays! 
Adriana Lima's boots though 
Two new Adidas EQT Support 93/17 colorways on the way 
Supporting Joe Fox at Brudenell - October 13th! New tunes from this summer, tickets £5 
AMINE HARIT MY BOYYYY 
BOOM! Another one added to the 
Tonight!!! 
We play our last show of the year on Fri 8th Dec in 
My debut album TROUBLE is finally here 
 Custom Iron Man Kobes for my bro 
Just hit 1 million streams on Spotify on 'Vessel' 
This show got WILD last time 
Hey there, check out our new account! Give 
Worked with one of our favourite labels 
shoutout to Lazy Weekends for remixing i miss you 
This shit go! 
Wow! What an achievement from the boys! 
"This is all part of the general hysteria which seems to be developing around Brexit" says Dominic Grieve MP"I do sometimes think that some of my colleagues have become unhinged actually..."
 South African EDM/House Record Label 
Sunday Candy - Chance The Rapper 
A new style of kamehameha?!!! Ultra Instinct Goku Vs Super Saiyan Kefla was EPIC 
"Your father" is 
 Dokkan battle, CsGO? And PUBG!!!! | AnimeBlazeDOTcom | 
It's Friday it's PROSECCO TIME! Come us see us for a mulled bellini and a start by the fire 
Icon Collection just dropped and it’s fire 
The one person you don’t want to have a free kick in your half 9 out of 10 times this happens. Hate you 
 Most league goals in 2017 (top 4 tiers; inc. P/Os):87
 ummmm yeah this is a flipping banger !!! 
Autumn and outside fires... bliss 
SATURDAYS WITH DJ MARK T ARE 
Keep warm this winter! 
Can you match the heat with the feet? 
I saw this last night.It's a joyous bit of theatre with a great message and hilarious performances.If I had a kid, I'd be low key disappointed in the child, if it didn't enjoy 
Hit after hit, here are 10 songs you didn't know Pharrell helped write 
Let's get 'Che Che' to a million YouTube hits! Mayorkun on a different waveeeee.. 
Fucking Flames!! 
Not long until the end of year show, last time we’ll ever play this set so don’t miss it 
Had a great time up in Mount Pleasant watching the 
RETWEET to thank the men & women who risk their lives protecting our communities & fighting the growing 
Shaq drops a Lavar Ball diss track 
I CANT WAIT FOR TOUR !! Come meet me ! Tickets are available now 
, ya'll blew my mind 
So good to see my main man Alvin Lee Ryan playing drums with Chagall for the 
Just like me- Damedot
 You Never Cease To Amaze Me! You Are The Truth!!! 
 Current Mousetrap To-Go Beer List 
AND just for a little more! Your Sunday night fan voted match night 
 HAS MADE HISTORY!!! Will forever be a ONE OF THE GREATEST. defo got powers. 
You heard the guy! We KNOW 
 Freestyling right now On The 
Everybody wins when you serve up our NEW - Pineapple HOT Wings with Cilantro Crema! 
Hot off the press in the Yorkshire Living Magazine! 
The line-up for PBS03E02 is here! 808INK, Aaron Bastani, /aart, City, Cõvco, Gage, GAIKA, Gloria, Kojey Radical, Madam X and S4U will all be joining us on 2 December 
If you haven't taken the time to learn about Angular Elements, I highly suggest you find 5 minutes to read this preso by 
Ohhh yes Arizona. You guys always bring the heat 
I mean you don't wanna  miss 
If you watch this video around a fire, you’ll be watching someone watch a fire while also watching a fire. The future is here. #
LB's and DB's If you can make 1on1 tackles in open field keep your phone charged because recruiters will be calling. Watching a lot of kids on big time teams that flat out can't make a simple open field tackle. 
The leaked line-up for Reading and Leeds next year is unreal. 
ICYMI: Central Michigan’s 
Watch Full Video & Subscribe to ShawnStormVEVO Channel Full Song Available On All Digital Platforms 
DAYYYYYYYM...that double patty cheese melt 
JUST IN! ILL BE PERFORMING AT 
NASHVILLE // FREE SHOW TONIGHT // 8:15pm 
Who picked up this week's 
Pre-Black Friday SALE just dropped! 
 has just announced his birthday bash line up!!!Always one of the sickest ways to kick off the new year 
We're happy to announce...
Lowkey need to work with y'all . So fire 
Thanks for your video @helen_mareexx 
NEW MUSIC OUT NOW 
A HUGE THANK YOU !@GhostGaming_GG blessed my setup , its lit you guys are the best
Well after hardly any sleep it's gonna hurt. You defo smashed it 
Thanks for the fantastic kick off, 
3 hours left to get 25% OFF
BASSFEST NYE THE BIGGEST EVENT IN THE UK ON NYE!LIKE + RT TO WIN...8 SUPER VIP AAA PASSES - LIMOUSINE TRAVEL + £1000 BAR TAB! 
Winter is the time to bring the fire. New 
25YRS OF SAMRAT VIJAYIn his 25th year, 
Touchdown Denver! See you all tonight at Temple 
Boom! We just dropped two MASSIVE joints from Aussie badman 
 A Saturday isn't a proper Saturday until Graham Carey scores a screamer.
It's chilly con carne down at fortress peffermill but Edinburgh's attack is on fire 
 BWill why you snapped like that on PYT 
Beware higher life forms. De-Evolution remix package 'Re-Evolution' coming September 15th 
I don’t go anywhere without a Bic Megalighter & a candelabra 
TONIGHT...It’s lit
Check out Joel Abad's killer 
When the Fascist in Chief retweets the dumbest possible response to your op-ed... 
Im just going to rare SoCal for 
Let's warm you up on Wednesday!Tonight at 8 PM! 
The Playaz Arena at run went off last night 
This new Juls & Burna Boy video tho.... 
Fire & Ice Meet 
It’s time! 
ayo i jus updated my playlist give it a follow
See you later tonight Market Bosworth Rugby Club!! @tveainu & I will be coming in hot 
This thread and the discussion quoted within are 
Had a great night going to support our boy 
o shit there's footage in here of goldlink playing a fire ass afterparty at 
The style ain't free fam! 
This is maybe the BEST EVER ROUND TO LEAD INTO OVERTIME! 
Number 78 new entry 
KAYZO & SLANDER - HOLY 
Kicked off the holiday season HOMEGATING with 
 O V E R T I M E 
It's day #8 of our 
Baby I'm Back!!! Tonight...
Just finished an amazing conversation with 
 "dark knight" is 
Check the new Boeke on the show 
We are super excited to finally announce our 
Half way through a week of chicken based recipe films
The single with "Flava" with Date Night featuring me is out!Let us know what you think 
Sichuan cuisine is having a moment in New York City right now. Here are five new spots bound to set your mouth on 
GREENSBORO, NC - It's almost 
LISTEN BACK TO THAT NEW NEW 
 new track alert. Somebody sign this kid, got out of work and started to bang my new favorite track. @ Adam B you on 
Happy to finally release the Remixes EP of my last single with my boys 
“We don’t need to drag each other down.” — 
Check out these FAB behind the scenes snaps with 
We’re ecstatic to announce our 2018 signees! Welcome to the Flames Family! 
We’re officially sold out
Don't miss this season's hottest releases. 
This was super fun. A must-listen for any crossover NBA / 
hey o see u thursday 
Introducing my new Official Branding! 
You still have 3 more time slots to catch this 
Due to the unbelievable response to tonight’s afterparty, the guestlist is CLOSED...if you are planning on coming down, please arrive early to avoid disappointment
Congrats 2 the following players 4 being selected 2 the 
Renz ft. Trinna Carter - Want Me [Music Video] | GRM Daily 
 "My Guy" is too wavy
You can listen to the latest track from 
Big story coming out tomorrow 
Hello, please meet emoji 
 Tickets On Sale Now, Wrestling Fans! 
 Ireland's premier live music venue 
This is gonna be a banger
  is really killing it with Pearl, not many can do what he can to these beats 
Last minute preps for tomorrow’s firewalk, we’ll still be accepting donations in store so pop in 
“If my friends here want to give a tax cut to the middle class, why don’t we give a tax cut to the middle class? Why don’t we put the money directly there?” -
Happy Birthday to the most badass rockstar amosshart of thekills! 
December 16th - Hamilton, ON. 
Arts, Beats & Eats crowd on fire! 
FBU at Last Chance U 
Mmm hmm precisely why I so appreciate your work 
BANG! That's how you bounce back.. Different class to a man.. Helped by our unbelievable fans! 
 Don't forget to register on the Asper Career Portal before sep 30 to automatically enter the prize draw 
Frances McDormand means business on the amazing new cover for 
It’s getting hot in the dance floor with Montreal’s 
"Ain't Like Us" 
BROOOO WHY HIS ALBUM GOTTA BE SO BOMB AND HES ONLY 18 like yessss 
“This is the Attorney General of the United States. I understand you’re doing your job, but I’m doing mine too” 
"It's Britney bitch!" Bringing back beards for chicks ! 
Reply here with your most fire memes. 
It's the Fire Driver 
COMING VERY VERY VERY SOON!!
Glasgow’s Care Home and Day Care Learning Event 2 is on 
Back at fabric with the man dem this Friday.. big up 
A must read by Sportswriter of year 
More gold. More 
Chasing this win. This 2K is ours. 
Maggie DeJong with a kill to give the Cards a 10-9 lead in game five against UNC! 
Chart Farm rib-eyes & Chimichurri on the UK grass fed beef 
The Midweek Madness is already well in....
As we gear up for Abantu, remember the ultimate 
Dark Divine is officially out! Available to purchase now on 
“ T R A P  V I B E S “ out everywhere 
This song makes Sergio Garcia's 
It's going to be a liiit 
FT: Sevilla 3-3 Liverpool 
DAY 1 of my 2017 Holiday Tech Gift Guide is LIVE 
YESS! Check out this lineup! 
If you love them as much as I do you know what to do!! 
Make sure you spend you weekend listening to the amazing new 
Join us every week for the biggest Saturday night In Cardiff
Romania was mad!! 
7 Years Ago we were blessed with this MASTERPIECE. 
CHECK OUT THE NEW 
In progress skull custom by 
The entire world needed to see her. She was so gorgeous! Also so so so talented! Oh God, definitely a highlight for me as well 
It's the last day of 
On Mondays, we party. 
Our Facebook page was just launched
24 HOUR GIVEAWAY: Retweet for your chance to WIN a month's supply of THERMOBLAZE®
Odell Beckham Jr is a poor man’s Davante Adams. 
My brand new single ‘Resurrected’ with 
No woman would ever be dumb enough to procreate with me but BY GOD IF THERE WERE... 
The things i just did to these people is insane. NOT DONE YET! 
You know when he releases everything lol ?? I can’t wait 
This campaign is bold AF 
Our womenswear launch party this Sunday at 
Selling rank (2k) UMG*Blue Prime*(6) Double XP's*DM for proof and more info
My favorite part of yesterday:Male speaker: Is it Miss or Mrs?Female panelist: It's Dr
Listen to “Beat on the Beat” by 
 Most Fantasy Football pts.
ROYAL STARS X NMFS POP SHOP IN Brooklyn 
Fire up your Thursday with a lethal release from Killshot! 
Happiness in every bite. 
Best friends club, population THESE two 
Our journalism doesn't happen without YOU.Become a sustaining member at the $10/month level & this 
2018 GCM AVID seniors are on 
TODAY!!!!!
Dan Petry made a return visit to the mound and threw 
change is good. Thank you to the 
En route to Nashville today, playing at The End with the legend @MadZach1 and homies 
 8 fights, 8 finishes 
When you get roasted but they don’t know you’re about to come back with some real heat 
Woo it's a frosty one! We've got the fires on for you 
We couldn't have had a better time playing with 
DUNDEE TONIGHT @ CHURCH
I'll be doing meet at greets this weekend at both 
Dopest thing I've heard all year 
Nipsey Hussle x June Summers - 6 Inch Heels 
R2BEES EMBASSY Prod By 
Bassboy​'s set was something else at our closing party 
 "Don't worry" neatt
Check out WWR latest EP - Loud&Clasiizz 'Underground Way', with remixes from 
Me and M.A. Da Pilot All Again 
Ohhhhh yeahhhhhhhhhh! Boooyahhhh! Everyone get excited cos it’s going to be fyaahhhhh 
Officer C & Officer K on duty 
Check out the updates of the Six Invitational that will take place from February 13 to 18 with sixteen teams for a 500 000$ cash prize 
One door closes another one opens
SNEAKER CON MEMPHIS IS TOMORROW
HAVE YOU SEEN THE HOT MESS: FAN EDITION VIDEO YET??? a glorious 3 minutes of YOU beautiful fans dancing / prancing / dashing / going wild to Hot Mess. check it at 
And the grooviest tune of the year award goes to Bunker by 
Extremely excited for today’s 
You have to listen to: Nimez - Let Me Go by Hybrid Trap 
Coming Thursday the guestmix is going to be LIT since 
 Starts the Final Pilot - One year to prove that solar power can be turned into heat 
The same citrus-y SoulCycle scent you know and love... with a new look. Bring the scent of SOUL home with you here: 
Having an immigrant mentality | 
The 30 for 30 about Baker Mayfield is gonna be 
If you haven’t yet.. make sure and check this one out ... 
Turn up the HEAT, baby 
Always keep your eye on the ball 
Epic! Is in the building 
This glitched wallpaper has gone down an absolute storm at Snowsfields Adolescent Unit! 
Lemme tell u bout 
Leave it to me to play my music "too loud" ..these new demos are 
By WSJ standards, this is a 
A hot grill needs 
Lil Uzi Vert Says This Song is Next to blow up 
"Believe that whatever you're making is incredible." - 
It’s a Jay-Z ting this weekend with Hov going down at Fri Fri. Come through - it's going to be lit. 
Damn I forgot all about this song 
FLASHBACK: TEAM ICE 
A special Nike iD Kobe A.D. for 
Looking good bud. That would be awesome. Enjoy the fight. 
Another banging session from our lad 
Another 4-0 Win today and another goal for me, the team is on 
What an amazing week – 
I love Newtown fire brigade. 
More young black men need to hear what 
Historic day as we welcome our new recruits to the service for the 1st module of their diverse community safety course! Good luck 
 is hilarious! Brilliant work from 
 Another gorgeous day. Blessing to you and your family on this beautiful Thursday.… 
Mark your calendars | December 18th, 2017 | 
 NEW MUSIC IS COMING THIS WEEK 
What a response from the boys! 2 wins from 2 at home and both clean sheets, get in and gedddonnn 
ceo_masterpiece They have come Again Oooo 
THANKYOU House of Fun that was MEGA 
Good 2-1 win vs Iceland U19s, nice to get the winning goal. My boy 
That feeling when you finish the next single 
Damnn..... How we wish that it could be Saturday again! 
Recap of two great shows in Finland & Estonia. 
Don't get rodeo mixed with rodeo dr my niggas from the js blood they a eat u alive 
Rolling into the weekend like... 
Video Drops Tonight !! 
First batch of support acts for the tour 
Dropping my ADE video very soon 
Really proud of our second award this week! 
You don’t have to dread Monday’s with Bermuda
IGNITING the night @ ND DECA state meeting 
Another banger from the boys! 
 Take Me Away is straight 
Red Raider Nation doing the Haka and Tomahawk!
  Rora They Burst me Die 
Got some absolutely naughty tunes to play on 
Retweeted conor magavock (
About last night in Sunderland 
Y’all ready for the house EDM Loops? Thanks to 
Still buzzing at the size of the crowd I rapped to & the absolute shellathon that was the last 
Jazzy Jeff got kicked out the front door.  So why would u say window ? .. ah i guess it makes sense .. u from the Glove right .. that means he never seen fresh prints (Fresh Prince) Arrghhhhalqlqkqqkqqkqk 
If you haven't already check this amazing piece of work by officialprincecharlez  
DeShaun Watson showing a glimpse of Mike Vick in him. 
TORY LANEZ KILT THIS FREESTYLE 
The beauty of crew tings is flaunting your events for more reach! Yes yes my cosies people! Do da ting 
My mum's really starting to get Internet lingo 
D Dark - Frontline Music Video Out Now on 
Happy Friday Cape Town!! Artist Announcement #2
The ultimate come back, 
Dance party in the end zone 
Just refreshed my Spotify playlist with some new 
What a performance that waves tonight 
ONLY 45 DAYS UNTIL THE RED ROCKS PREVIEW!!! Get your season tix now, while you still can! 801-587-9894 
The new Primal Fitness Members App is looking 
 Rocking it out in Perth City Centre 
Last night was A LOT of fun, thanks for coming down and joining us 
Kojey Radical in his songs Footsteps & kwame Nkrumah 
Let's burn the Parc des Princes all together
We’re live with the Jamz squad & 
CHOKE is out now! Check it out on the Amazing Radio Audition show. This week's playlist is 
The Harlem Globetrotters made a shot from our catwalk look easy. 
Bundles of buckets, yabish. 
It’s time to be more active and make my social media 
WICKET! Todd Astle is on fire 
Oh Shit... just caught new 
Honored to release my 17th track on 
At the end of this month I’ve got some exclusive tracks coming out on the next Co-Lab USB project! 
So good I’ve listened to it twice today!Ep 21 
 let's get fired up 
Hot off our new menu: Grilled salmon on a bed of sautéed kale, green apples, and curry butternut squash bisque. Delish! 
FULL TIME: Well, that was impressive! Our boys on 
Calling all my Irish creatures! Don't forget to pick up a ticket for my show at the 
Always wanted to fire and water bend at the same time 
Much love to one our favs 
Who's gonna be there THIS FRIDAY?!!!! Get your tickets beautiful people!!! Doors open at 7.15 
Listen to No Promises Remix by Tim Stacks 
Ahhhh just when you’ve had enough of hearing 
 It’s SHOWTIME! Who ya got?RT for UGALIKE for Auburn
Traders, fancy doing a stint in a shopping centre near you in 2018? Hurry up then - applications to 
Boss Zonke will be giving us a killer performance
Never forget when Thiago ended careers 
This video is going viral! The speed of 14 year old wonderkid Harimoto is phenomenal! 
NYC TONIGHTMERCURY LOUNGE DOORS AT 5:30 PM (EARLY SHOW)
Well the boys found another thing to do! Awhh! 
Ben Simmons gets asked about being an all star.. cuts off and says: “I wanna win a ring... more than one” 
It's going down with our DJ 
ok I'm still listening 
You makin callouts, well face the repercussion I walk up like Alina’s cousin, Nina’s bussin/Call a spade a spade I threw Jakk on the table knowing the king will cut him 
Despacito x Wild thoughts 
Very excited to perform tonight 
20:00 - 22:00 GMT
15th finna be a situationnn, can’t wait 
New gym floor @ A-High! 
 ight Jefe we ready for the new music, go head and bring the 
 I got this one today from 
K Lizzy Ft. PAK-MAN - A Long Way 
Been broke before x Lucci 
NEW VIDEO ALERT: 
It was a brilliant interview, Ria! 
Y’all, this show is going to be 
In all seriousness tho he drop a mixtape recently & its 
They may be covered in donut crumbs but 
Word, that gotta be 
“Y’all sound so damaged” - my little sister with the ether for me & 
2 hours left to get 25% OFF
Girls/Boys... doesn’t matter... fear nobody
Do you know what it is? It’s a new track produced with our brothers 
TCTITTIES THANK U BIRMINGHAM WE HAD A BLAST 
You can still get your Season Passes to enter for FREE all nights at 
I forgot how good that sound system is in fabric rm1 - amazing
RT if you are excited to watch the trio Özil Alexis Lacazette tomorrow vs Swansea 
Doing CHEAP Recovery's for ALL Call of Duty
Our rework of the classic anthem ‘The Orange Theme’ is out now on 
Excited to participate in this discussion with fellow 
Listening to this whilst writing some blog posts 
Our Black Friday Sale & Winter Collection are here!
This kid looked like a whole different player from the past two years at Westlake . He realizes he’s the leader of this Westlake squad now & is in his bag 
Right on! Congrats! 
“Self-esteem is just the reputation you have with yourself.” - 
Tmrw gonna get UGLY in Huntington Beach!!! 
Wanna be a sticker picker? Merch sales still alive 
ALL UR FAVES ARE ON 
Told you regular season means nothing and Don't forget who told you about QV first.     
Amazing night kicking off the 2017-2018 dual season! Thank you to all the fans that came out to support the Chippewas. We couldn’t do it without you! 
We're focused & ready for the many amazing opportunities we're blessed to have on the horizon!
Inna mi Socks and sliders 
 Shame the season has just come to an end of these would defos have been purchased
Certain Club in Amsterdam tonight from 00.30-01.00 
Time to get some work done! Guess what day it is tomorrow? Shipping Monday! 
Here's the final clip of our video demonstrating the set-up of the audio-technica System 10 Pro! Thank you 
MOST FIRE PICS EVER!!! 
Book Of Isaiah Chapter 3 
LOWKEY - Fire in the Booth 2
Just 3 weeks tomorrow until the 
That is absolutely disgusting from futsal legend Falcao. 
Better late than never! 
Highlights!! Happy to be picking up different bits of experience with every outing, good to see certain techniques coming through 
T R E N C H E S.. THIS WAS A BLASTO | FIRST NIGHT OF OUR 
In FIRST EVER iahsvb State appearance Hudson comes back, holds on & is on to semi's! 
Kicking off Black Friday warm-up week with up to 30% off selected brands of clothing and footwear! 
1H 3:12 | Bears 28, Gaels 36Senior to senior connection 
We challenged Rafa to see how many consecutive putts he could make...The answer: 27 from 27 
Castle On The Hill Music Video out now on VEVO
Excited to audition some talented people for 
When your Kumbuka fit is ready 
Newsflash: Three day 
Congratulations to the entire state team placing 8th overall as a team!! Thats the highest in program history! Great season girls!
Are you a marketer? Do you use marketing automation (please say yes...)? Check out our 
I really wanted to like Justice League, but...i just can't seem to. Give me a whole movie of that first wonder woman scene though
Our very own Gopher from Detroit, MI garners 
BLACK FRIDAY MADNESS: Fight fat and get fighting fit with 61% off Thermoblaze! 
PAUL GATT jockey on fire 
Ok, this is just getting ridiculous.Hinostroza in the shootout, again! 
BLACK FRIDAY IS HERE! 
DNA VS BIG KANNON TRAILER (DROPS Tomorrow ) - RBE 
First love remixes tomorrow 
 Best talent deserves best analysts 
It's disrespectful that I'm not in the NFL right now , but I just bottle it all in for my next opportunity. 
You have not failed your wardrobe. That shirt is 
But you have to admit, your selfie game is 
Preparar las luces que llega 
Preorder your “My condolences” hoodies now! Men and women!! More quotes coming!
Tomorrow night, back in action, back in BTN 
0121 is killin it! Huge congratulations to 
So i made a new EP with the homie 
 is revolutionizing what it means to be a powerful gay man on television. 
Mozzy - Dear Momma (Audio) ft. Tank, Celly Ru 
  thanks guys!! -K
 10/27!!!!!!Get your ticket !!!Maison
A special extended cut of the Try Guys absolutely failing at making 
SHOUT OUT to the Film Crew for getting it done today in the bad weather! 
WILD IN THE STREETS 
Can't wait to play for you guys tomorrow during the 
Boys working hard in the 33 degree heat! 
RJ Barrett drops 33 and Montverde gets the BIG WIN 
Talk about A E S T H E T I C S 
 the free H album is just too fucking much 
When you express the journey through music and make change that's what's real!  tonyDADA_ your on 
 is a wrap and it was another successful event! Grats to 
 WOW - that’s a great first touch Ellis. Can you try it now with your other foot? Progress 
Yeah!!  So awesome!  Keep it going 
 CELINAAAAA 3-0! Pick that one out.. 
Suchapapi - Walk Freestyle 
Logo of the day - Southern Oregon Raiders 
My vid for You Ain't Mine ft. 
Thank you for joining us and firing up the crowd! We’ll see you second semester when we return home! 
My new video for "ELM STREET" is out NOW 
Hold the phone! Have you seen tomorrow's comedy lineup? 
Concept + Muse. 
Collin Hinds you play wicked tunes yeah! The Captain 
Tuck went 4-of-8 in this game with 3 coming behind the arc, finishing with 13 pts 
Got my Rare SoCal ticket can’t wait to see my boy 
 Catch up with a fresh cup of HOT T with 
Kd Young Cocky - "Work For It"How is it sounding? #
Cinnabar Fridays.. Each and every week 
Yes yes!! 
The BEST of the BEST. 
 you can now represent us!! Our jerseys are on sale now! Grab one before they go! 
LIVE SHOW - LONDON - THIS FRIDAY
Yknow it's a good night when 
PSA: If any other visiting teams want to have extra days off in Vegas before playing us, we're sure we could help line up some 
[Woman from Coach uses First Class bathroom]Man: "This bathroom is for First Class only."Woman: "I am First Class. My God don't make second class."[mic drop]
Ladies and Gentleman!Today at 10am!
Styling Your Bomber with a touch of Silver 
 Hmmmm Issie weer: “Faberyayo's Yaynews - Issue #16” 
huge win for the sooners + trae dropped 43 
Woke up to a new record over an UPPERCLASS beat .. we got one 
TP at DLDK Amsterdam, March 2nd...can't wait for this!
I'm dropping my new EP: XXlll (23) on March 3rd!! It features: The Galaxy, Moksi, Cesqeaux, Yung Felix, FS Green k Yellow Claw 
1. Hydrogen and oxygen.2. 
Part of our Rd Atl crew had a great time across the street yesterday, thank you Lanier RacePlexFast karts along with an awesome track configuration! Check out a few of their heat times 
It's a smashing hit
Most Wokest Badman Of 2017
 What FIRE track do you want 
I’m so excited to be joining everybody on this new show next year ‘Dance To The Music’ 
 happening THUR 23.Nov.17 feat. 
Noma's "Moving On" is such a lovely jaaaam! 
Love you too ___and_mo_re_  roland_mouret THIS!! 
Res progress into the next round of the Paulton Cup. 5-2 win vs Satford Res.That man 
Recent new rehab. They just don't make fireplaces like they used to. Restoring 
Woiii the next 877 Records release is fire 
Myrtle Beach rockers! 
Navy's Blue Angels-inspired uniforms 
Tonight it’s gonna be a good one
¡Hola! Enjoying the Vlog? We love getting to look back on the incredible experiences we get to have, especially when 
coming soon on KnightVision / Warner Music! 
Let the Christmas shopping commence with 
It’s going down TONIGHT!!!!   My boys, 
Y'all want to hear some heat check this out 
"Take That!" by 
Working with Sailor Jerry to bring you all the best tattoos and all the best drinks 
MEGA shout outs to Melbourne the other week, 2 RIPPING nights 
Our lads from NA, 
GTA 5 mod livestream in just a bit and then I'm gonna do some Fortnite! 
Poland! Wroclaw show is now sold out 
Please DM us your proof of payment  with your names , cellphone number and delivery option. Thank you ladies 
Matte Black Range Rover Evoque Automatic Dynamic Lux £349pcm* 
Big ups to my brother! 
Wow! This & several more fantastic images of Helen Flanagan on 
Mollie Collins smashed it last night!
Bad session in Amsterdam !! 
Wearing one of my favorite rappers hat today 
Man like Joshua Smashing it! 
Crewe comforts. Snap up a £100 monetary gift voucher for just £80. Offer redeemable Jan/Feb 2018! 
Yo it’s truly become a routine to go on my lunch break and watch the latest show of  ‘Everyday Struggle’ . Amazinggg
This is the most concise and brilliant explanation of white privilege I've ever heard. 
JavaScript's dynamic import() is shipping in Chrome! Lazy-load ES modules when a user needs them 
TAKE NOTE KIDDIES!
Like this tweet to help me get 
So much more room for outdoor activities 
TRYLIGHTS | Some of the stand-out scores from the weekend 
Man like KDB and Kyle Walker! Baller alert. Go easy on the title chase lads. Give everyone else a chance 
SAN DIEGO TOMORROW w/
This is sick!!! 
Last week: 6.0 sacksThis week: TOUCHDOWN!
Tonight is going to be powerful! 
We've got 2 
Get it NOW!--> 
Click click BOOM! 
THROWING iPHONE X's OUT OF A HELICOPTER FOR SCIENCE! 
Try it before it's gone!The new Chipotle Chicken Sandwich from 
That feeling when you force your rival to go 0-20 in conference play
Like it spicy? Pepper glazed turkey meatball are 
Okay guys check this new record with my bro 
Honored to be SI top fashionable athlete in the 
Redondo Union 85, Lynwood 55
It's the season for cosy fireside  evenings 
I'm going in I'm putting everything on tha line 
Pester, call, and message this ASSCLOWN ALL DAY 
We can't wait to see 
Made some new additions to my collection today. 
Who's your favorite superhero in this thumbnail?! 
2 for the price of 1?  
 under rated  bruh imma link with him soon
Thank you to everyone who came and supported my Birthday Bash last night! What a night it was 
Last day of the Pop Up Shop with 
Daddy Freddy & General levy Classic dub plate for Shanty Crew 
Another league title to add to the collection.. well done to 
Just started putting together the 
Lots of Sentric artists landing on massive Spotify playlists this week 
All class! Should add 
Whoever said camping was just a summer activity clearly had never been to the Wilderness Campground. Head over to the blog to learn about the winter's coziest camping spot 
Live and Let Die..But let's be honest, any damn ting G does is straight up 
Maternity pants at the ready! It's time to make space for these bad boys... 
 So glad you loved. 
New t-shirts have just dropped in the online store. 
Our first Little Tokyo Present night was straight 
Next month my b day 
What was your favourite song you heard this week?
Mbule with a stunner on his CAF debut!
Oh yes Coppa back on that ALIBI flex again... next link up is done 
Game. Of. The. Season. 
 And band REALLY know how to bring the artists Musuc to life!! Enjoyed y’all on the 
NFL​ custom cleats were especially 
New tool release! pssh, a shell for the EC2 Parameter Store. Get it while it’s 
 !boom for replay! PUBG TIME! WE BACK ON!! 
Proud to announce December 1st's Mixology​ booking 
We talked basketball, Phoenix and becoming part of the Nix nation! 
TRAINING PLANS START TODAY! Download a plan now: 
There's only one way to describe 
*THIS SATURDAY*Are you ready?! 
You know where you need to be on the 9th of December 
Migos was super lit last night 
1 day before RACE DAY! 
MAKE. THIS. GO. VIRAL. AND. TREND
Want to bring Lucha Royalty to your show or event??? For Taya, email tayavalkyrie@gmail.com and experience la Wera Loca LIVE!! 
 Hot off the press: “Thrive in the City 2017, intimacy, and guilt: all 
 feed airing now. Great episode tonight 
Kem and Amber.. A shitter version of Chuck and Blair, but I'm invested. 
Now we have 280 characters we can use this space to shout-out to the UK venues we're touring to in (late 2017 &) 2018! 
Only just rubbing our eyes and waking up and see this from 
Is your team prepared to get great exposure in 2018?Prep Hoops is prepared to give prospects exposure 
Having a clear out? Too much for the dustmen! Bring any old furniture along 28th Oct for Rusthall Bonfire! No flytipping in advance please 
Already over 800.000 followers on our official 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone from all of us at 
 to a house show ft. A photo of nordistafreeze ‘s mom 
What better way to spend a Monday shooting with your sister 
We're still dreaming about the cocktails and pastries 
That’s P2 for us for tomorrow’s 
Today’s gonna be
Mascot Showdown is less than a week away and we can't wait to host again! Will Inferno be a 3 time reigning champ?! Only time will tell
THIS TEAM IS ON 
"Gunman Vs Ricky Bootleg" from 
happy release day! 
Bring your purses and wallets out this weekend is about to get 
What A Journey!! Celebrating My 10 Year Residency at 
Neesh comfortably holds a lancer and gets head downed, and Emily tells us to watch out as Ashley mimics her in a nasally nerd voice. Enjoy the ladies of FNI. 
 - Telepathic Seduction | Out 27.10.17 
Mans got talent!! One of the best flows in the game 
Great great great win guys 
 saying we need to all take three months off for the America’s Cup and invite all our mates to NZ! That’s why he’s the visionary 
 very comprehensive, interactive and enjoyable course 
This arrangement of “Wake Up” is 
EDC Las Vegas yesterday with 
YoungstaCPT probably dropped the hardest verse in the rap industry in S.A this whole year wow 
super special last track for 
Another big "Congrats!" to Kendall Haywood! 
Been waiting to ride this board for a minute 
TONIGHT!!! 
 Listen To The Amazing Cast Of HRT’s “The Wizard Of Oz” Sing Their Soulful Rendition Of “Somwhere Over The 
This is filthy from Zinedine Zidane's son 
 & follow MrGizmo on twitter 
Getting a LOAD of hype for our new single on 
I need to spend more time on the dance floor. Last night was 
I’ve been rolling to this all day 
OUT 27/11/17F.G. Noise - Hornet[Kearnage]New music on 
Exclusive Q&A with 
EXPLOSIVE FANS KILLER VENUE 
 has been the most slept on for years. That new mixtape is 
Check out the second album of my insanely talented buddy 
It's Now or Never..
CHAMBEA OFFICIAL VIDEO WITH THE NATURE BOY!!! WOOOOO!
I'll be droppin' some 
Great investment in brill organisation. 
Did you Know All Beef Lamb Pork Chicken and even Fish cooked over the weekend will be from John Stone and our partners? Meat and Fire 
This is actually decent! You got yourself a regular listener my guy 
Beyond excited to announce my commitment to continue my academic and swimming career at The University of Illinois at Chicago! Go Flames
On my third watch gentleman. Good fuck SHIT! 
Smoke that weed I sip that act, lost that Once Imma get that back ! 
Maddest turnaround. This was less than 24 hours ago 
We r exactly 1 month from Tipoff at the Tournament of Champions Holiday Classic 
"Guh Deh Gyal" to di world 
USC WR Michael Pittman Jr. (
Can't wait to play  
The spicy life chose her 
This guy comes with a lot of energy 
From 4-7 in 2016 to Section Champions in 2017 
Pre production music. Album is 
Sneak preview of "Secret Venom" taken from my forthcoming "secrets ep' on 
We’re going to be on 99X in Atlanta tonight 
All I been listening to is that YDD 
THXXXX FOR HAVING ME 
14 years ago today 
Zlatan's first shot after coming back: an acrobatic effort 
Some of the football we played today was a joke
The right kind of vibe for your Wednesday 
Awesome!! Bring It!!
 Is ready to accommodate a lit pack
Stay Safe this Bonfire Weekend 
Oh man, Kyrie is feeling it! 
Racism is the only thing he's Fantastic 4(fantastic for), cause that's how he gets his rock off, he's orange. Sheesh 
7 years ago today, Kanye West released ‘My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy’ featuring the tracks ‘Monster’, ‘Power’, & ‘Runaway’ 
Trippy Visual Alert: 
What sounds better for a new segment on my show airing my new track of the week ?
ASURA REVOLUTIONVOL: 1PURE EVIL
Always great making memories with 
Table for two please! 
LIVE: Huge FINAL! 
Presenting animation by 40 artists from Toronto, across Canada, & around the world, the 2017 
I can't wait for 
ALL TICKETS ARE ON-SALE NOW for the final leg of the “Party In the Valley” Tour!!
Damn, these 101 reissues are 
Big week starts tomorrow 
First ever time playing ‘Why Georgia’ -   
6’8” Jr. 
R3HAB x KSHMR - Islands
12-2 run for the Orange over the last 1:43 
My guys @neowide_ 
MORE SHOWS ADDED to the Marching Orders Winter Tour! We've added 
I think about how awesome music is and I'm like yeaaahhhhhhhh!!!! 
Beautifully bred 2yo filly TERMINOLOGY (Star Witness/Taylor’s Command) wins in convincing style in her debut trial. Aiming for 
Am best cook. Next Gordon Ramsey. 
When Dancehall meets Moombahton... 
N E W R E D J U M P S U I T 
NAO da mixtape dropping oct 17th got a few exclusive beats by 
Don't think I've laughed so much watching tele,  
For those you haven't seen it yet, here's today's 
“If bein a real nigga was a job alot of yall niggas would be unemployed” 
Just updated my Spotify playlist 'Snavs Selection' with new music from 
Show was crazy last night! 
J. Cole and Killa D about to drop that heat 
 fuck this shit go hard
What’s yo life like x kiddo marv
Anyone else missin' those blue jean all nighters as much as us? Tag your 
Saucy Records crew going in heavy on 
Ohhhhh ohhhh yuh yuh Kill em Grannie!!! Cupid New Song “BODY” 
Thank you E-Zoo, the pikachu will live on! 
Infectious, addictive & damn inspiring... 
“I now declare a fat FOKOF to self-doubt, self-sabotage and The Fear. It's time I came for everything nami. LET'S GO!” - 
Now online go check it ! 
And that's why you don't play with fireworks! 
Tonight we're gonna open a can. In Charleston, SC at The Mill. 
bout to b charLIT in North Carolina tonight 
THIS Saturday November 18th 2017 
A grand snap of the Hilyard by Insta's katherinewildman (
One more log and we're oven-ready for Monday lunchtime 
They wanna come close but me don’t mind dem
Showing off their new colors! Cheer on 
 Chester on bass, Matty T co prod and Dunc + Nick from 
 Drop everything and read this now!  “Five Things - Issue #7” 
Matt Watkins & BYNDED 
Epic start into GML season 2
Just an update guys: "Bed" by J Holiday is still fire 
I’m so amazed right now man, three songs in and damn
New release on SHOWLAND available NOW! 
My good friend @KemeysVFX has produced this amazing short documentary about Wales' future UFC star 
It's time to shake things up in my Latin Lady collection! ⠀Celebrate your curves in red-hot cerise with a passionate pattern and shake those fringes! Wear my Latin Lady collection to light your inner fire 
Are you ready for a livestream of "How it's made: Sound of Sephyx"?! Make sure to check my social media this Friday!
Was a lot of fun filming this with 
it's out! retweet to spread the fire 
Had such a sick night on Saturday at 
Fête de l’Escalade launch countdown 
GetInStep Paris. Was very hot...
New Release Available 28.11.2017 
Can't cool this guy down 
Definitely one of my favorite remix!
UEFA’s Ultimate Team Of The Year 
Friday as well. It’s about to be 
Gassed to have these two at my event tonight 
“Yet I am confident I will see the Lord’s goodness while I am here in the land of the living.” Psalms 27:13 // I want to encourage you Family! You will see your miracle! You will see your breakthrough! You will see God come through on your behalf! Stand firm on His promises! 
Made sleeping a way more easier 
My Saturday Night! 
That Game of Thrones episode was 
Do yourself a favor and listen to this craft 
Zero Gravity,Phight For Philly Champions, Rise High Elite 51 MSU Skyliners NJ 38, 
Big poster Big parties !
Inside Schembechler Hall - Volume 14: 
The girl sat across the aisle on the train is tweasing her tash. GIRL IF HE DONT LIKE YOUR TASH THEN HE DONT DESERVE YOU 
Ro Hempel Band warming things up for 
ENOUGH RESPECT EASTMAN TO YOU, SUSIE G AND EVERYBODY INVOLVED KOOLLONDON 26 YEARS OLDHAPPY BIRTHDAY KOOLLONDON
My pops!! 
Tomorrow is release day! 
I've held onto this image for over a month due to the wild fires 
If I used the word “Peng” or “Lit” in my vocabulary, I’m pretty sure that’s what tonight is gonna be 
Need gift ideas? Grab a bottle of Fat Tire Hot Sauce as the perfect stocking stuffer for the spiciest person in your friend group. Buy here: 
 this team. Just trust us. 
 | Who needs a blue tick when we have FightTalk coming to our shows?
Check out ya manz with this new 
“Don’t complain; ask. Normally underneath every critique is a wish.” 
What a feeling to be through to the semi finals tomorrow. 
I Just Played Some Of Y'all 
GREENSBORO, NC - It's 
I bet that you look good on OUR dance floor!! Join us tonight at Slims open until 2am
Reading the updates and it seems like you 
The Saturday Night Sound System is 
The Underground King for the win! Did this fight live up to your expectations or are you ready for more? 
The 2017 Western Carolina Catamounts Offense was pure 
Eden Hazard has had a hand in 11 goals in his last 10 games in all competitions for Chelsea (8 goals, 3 assists) 
FIRST SINGLE OFF HIS NEW PROJECT! MY BROTHER HAS DONE IT AGAIN 
Mate it’s a banger! 
 - Trill (Prod by B.O Beatz) [Official Video] 
Johnnie To's absolutely crazy, CGI-free firefighting spectacle LIFELINE:The extended 45-minute finale set in a burning warehouse was easily the most realistic fire sequence ever staged in HK cinema.Screening Dec 2, 8:45pm 
Yes my mood right now!!!
Wow! Live version of 'Glasshouse' by 
Q3 | Y'all Cierra Walker is on 
Albus Dumbledore saidIt is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
Yo this one's gonna leng down the dances left right and centre 
When your outfit is looking lit AF 
LED Display Water Shower Thermometer  
If you're living in denial: You'll be waiting for deliverance in a situation that requires discipline. 
IT’S TIME FOR THE TECHNOOO 
 NEW MUSIC FRIDAY!
My new single ‘About You’ feat. 
La Plata Hype Night! Thanks 
 Tonight Baby, Party With Us.... I'm Live From 10PM Right After 
Magic trick level 99999 
 I’m ready for green bean casserole. 
WOW! This team is on fire 
Yo any of you twitter guys produce New Wave/ Chill Trap/ Lo-Fi??? Looking for best makers that are on this level and make straight 
 what a performance last night!!! 
We made the hot list! Thanks, 
Want to know what songs inspire one of the heaviest hitters in the game? 
How do your like your eggs in the morning? Come and try our delicious Eggs Florentine
Tickets for all shows including Texas are on sale now 
"IF THEY DONT LET US DREAM, THEN WE WONT LET THEM SLEEP" - Lowkey
The classic Mexican squash medley
If you get the chance to catch the rest of the tour go see 
Exciting things ahead... can't wait to share with you all 
Fun times with a solid crew! 
When you look this good sippin' a 
y'all we can't wait to see 
Da Lion roars this Friday night in CARDIFF at Room 112   
Stoked to visit New Orleans for the first time this weekend! If you’re in the area come watch me and 
 was a Movie!!!! 
"The crowd was amazing, one of the best" dixit _recondite_ Liège you BURNT 
Ghetts - Regulate (Warren G cover) in the 1Xtra Live Lounge 
 Boy With a Guitar . 
This is what athletics is all about! Awesome! Hats off to 
Let’s See If We Can Bring Our Own 
In yet another 'group of death' (gosh, there's so many awesome riffs in the world) we have 
On days like this, we could use the Button Detail Cami 
Check out my EXTREME SPICY RAMEN NOODLE CHALLENGE w/ 
All my favorite music right now. Check out what I’m listening to on 
And we're LIVE. Chat with the amazing 
Wow. Any list with 
To anyone going uni studying something creative -Start your grind from your first day. when you leave Uni life is going to try attack you straight away unless your family are gwopped up. Use your spare time for your Grind 
Who's ready we can't wait 
Salute to Benny and Green. This project 
Babcock! King coal bout to mash up the place 
Fish taco - Hake in beer batter with chipotle slaw. Limited numbers of 
Semi finals this morning vs our fellow Canadians here in Punta Cana! Let's goooo 
So. Much. Fire ! 
Bang goes out man Snowy with FUDGED at $8.6 as his top pick wins first leg of the quaddie at Sandown Snowy’s on 
Feed The Models w/ 
Try out our Cinnamon Baking Mix today!!! 
Really pumped for the show tonight at Red Carpet Nightclub in St. Cloud with 
The Greater Shawlands Republic formally lights the flame of freedom. 
Quite a spectacular way to celebrate 
That new 50 Cent and Jeremih might make you bring the snub nose and ski mask out the bottom drawer. 
Oh yes!! Just met this incredible lady.. 
Big up the Leeds and Sheffield gang last night and of course big up 
 cant believe i just had a whole convo with the lead designer of Red like what has my life come to this shit straight fire
A massive thank you to everyone who purchased & streamed Dark Divine 
Stay safe & sensible everyone 
Every time I hear the kick I go... Every time I hear the snare I go... 
Your boys back with the hottest lunchtime show right now 
favorite place in the world: Studio 
Obsessed with the video for "Private Time" 
New bar at French Quarter Brasserie Shaw DC is 
Can’t wait for the show tonight 
Set The City On Fire 
Come see us in the taproom Friday at noon for the can release of our 
Just RIFFIN’THIS KORINA EXPLORER IS SICK AF!!Gettin my Lynyrd Skynyrd/ALLEN COLLINS jams on
Supreme Biggie... .Litty 
| Relive yesterday’s huge 
 BLUE bangs!!! Got that shit on repeat 
Atlantic City! A special night w/ 
 Nine days remain. The action will be insane. Not your ticket? Better think again... 
LOVE & Respect to Florida for the Madd vibes this week! Last show in Savannah GA tomorrow night 
Tonight Cologne! Favorite City! Remember last time? 
New Season. New Gear 
Man they better wake up on this kid before it's too late.    Just watch the film   Geez 
Brian Kennat happy birthday my guy hope you enjoy this special day bro
I T  B E G I N S 
Check out the new Aero Burner Composite bat. Super cool look but amazing performance.
Scenes!! Craig Overton is on 
Daaaaaamn I’m only mid the first song and I’m already way past majorly impressed. 
With these fireplace alternatives, those living in the city can enjoy some decor radiance! 
Manchester grime kid Aitch returns with ‘Hold It Down’ 
We hope you making your way to 
One for the DJ sets this weekend, get it locked and loaded from 
One of my ambitions for 2018 is to be in the same room as 
Yasss! Let’s gerrit 
Credit where it's due...VCU's band is 
"Think about it & if you can't live without it, Don't let it go, take it home n build bricks around it" 
Loving this. New vid from 
Please welcome trap legend 
ME AND MY SQUAD 
Some women fear the fire, some other women become it  
 - movement prod by heztheproducer on 
Dice x Tekno... i’m not ready bro
Can't believe we've aired 42 episodes of OK KO so far! The best are yet to come! 
New single dropping Nov. 24th. Check out my other stuff on Spotify! Link in Bio! 
Last night we had a blast! 
Cupid “BODY”
The Brief Wondrous life of Oscar Wao 
Great response after the weekend! Lads were on fire! Go again sat. 
Tonight's show is going to be awesome! 
This mouth-watering slow-cooked beef shin, scented with clove and allspice and sweet Mexican chillies, is a new special on the 
Really need to get to work but can't stop raving to the new Special request album 
family matters and star search by 
Brighton crew... we aint forgot ya!!! Big big line up 
Wow! Coach K and the 
Photoshoot day for our CS Team repping that fresh merch 
Great poachers finish from Johnny Russell 
Defected Croatia crew...
Premier of the collab track I did with mighty 
The Unsigned 360: Latasha Alcindor "Practice on the Q Train" 
Kinda never want this to end! If shooting is this much fun, just imagine the movie! 
"Some Like It Hot" at Porter House. 
Half-time scores from across Europe! PSG are on 
69' Goaaaaaaaaaaaal ! 10-0 
The boys stay hot
Thrashing kickrolls, striking melodies and life-like atmospheres. THAT'S RIGHT, we're bringing 
YA KIDDING !!! THAT WAS ONE FOR THE BOOKS
 Andy Bros' ArtemisiaEP 
This is going to be MAD!!! 
 bit behind but your headz ep is something else mate. Out of luck is ridiculous 
My fav tune right now Foot work By 
| All aboard the show-boat 
 always tuned in the show,its lit today
This Kickstarter is on fire for a very good reason. 
Whenever you ready!!!! 
I pass out in every single club no matter what. I deserve an award for getting too lit and never having hangovers
DON & HEX return with a PACKED show filled with exclusives like NOTHING NEW by DROPGUN Ft. KALEENA ZANDERS! 
Holy Jeebus that Morrisons  vindaloo is scorchio 
KILLER!!! new one from Jay Glass Dubs; Deluxe silver 2LP now shipping...
Top Secret announcement on the way! The boys are cooking! 
UK support announcements. 
Angered by the (not unexpected) unending list of men abusing their power?Want to stand with survivors of sexual assault? We are launching our 
Da Lion roars this weekend in Gambia!   
Just under 2:30hr till KO at Old Bath Road where the Rams will be taking on Bury St Edmunds in a 
A week today, 
This weekend sees Soul Rebels return to 
TONIGHT I’m bringing the homie 
So Monday is DONE. 
The Rams’ audibles for Jared Goff are 
I think HOPE is one of the few album i can't skip a track..and that's a rare thing
Another day of work about to start, hope you guys are ready for some 
Everybody been asking for a gouyad party here you go ! 
Part 2 coming real soon.. 
Excited to show everyone the new tunes on the 12th
Ok, HAS ANYBODY TAKEN THIS ALBUM IN?? 
 birthday bash is going to be a madness next year!!!!Team Drumz & 
Thankful for the brilliant people whose ideas have helped me think
Think you're hot stuff? 
6 games to go tonight at 
Rihanna is so successful. All that at 29? What a life 
The Boss New Song Is Straight 
Get yourselves out of that cold and sit yourselves in front of our fire 
YEAH YEAH ft. 
Fresh House Friday playlist from 
Subculture x Nautilus Rising・The Intruder EP LaunchYou can buy Domenic's 'The Intruder EP' on vinyl at the club tonight whilst Harri & Dom are playing! 
We can't think of a better 
Gents no jobs are coming anytime soon. Go buy MoFaya at your nearest wholesaler or demand it if they don't have it. Go push that drink for R10 a piece & make over 80% profits. Gents we are tired of waiting. Stop being broke & make money with me.
 I can already see the airwaves , every shop every stereo every girl every boy playing this track. From the Cape to Cairo 
Go check this out on Spotify. 
24th of November - Coppa "Poetry in Motion" LP Teaser 1 on 
4Q | Maria Jespersen is 
Pepineros 'on fire' 
Finally can show everyone I’m not just doing loungewear 
Join us this SATURDAY 2nd Dec for the very last heat 
Anthony Gill to start to game of the week in a wild way! 
Sizzlin' Sunday! The A5 wagyu from @kaiseki_yuzu is cooked on a sizzling salt block. Are you kidding me!?! 
When the fire warden says three times that they can't find the problem you go! 
Zion Williamson scores 27 in home opener 
When burnt pistons get a second life 
Today I got a secret package from 
THIS IS TOO GOOD 
HAM ON EMO NITE the 
The 50 greatest songs of all time from the Real Slim Shady 
 I'M GIVING AWAY A CAR! 
"Dude, don't make me go 'Altered' on your ass!" Altered Dank is 
I hope am going to be the first to listen to 
Got some pork in the smoker. If you’re near The Swan this evening pop in for some BBQ
BOOM - this IS lit 
Less than 200 tickets left! Not long to go 
 it's the next day and I'm still going crazy over your dinner at Ha last night! 
Come onnnnnnnnn Derby day
Ending an unimaginable year of boxing with an 
Honored to win two Awards of Merit from 
QT | Rebels 5.5.35 v 
Pull Up n Wreck 
The Louisiana heat never felt so good! 
Yes my G. Minimal tickets left on a first come first serve basis. Its going to be lit 
Burial's Untrue was released 10 years ago today. 
DBS - War [Net Video] out now 
The fire still burns 
If Lyon NEVER sold their best players XI! 
This Zayn ft. Sia is 
Nothing But UK Vol 4 OUT NOW 
 rolling some serious Jungle Gems 
INSANE WEEKEND AT LONDON 
 MY CHAMPION!! 
Me when they bring negative bullsh
Pure filth....AA side of  my new single on 
Life's s'more fun with bonfires and freshmen family groups 
Dennis Skinner unleashes the inner Beast and Rips into the Tory 
Just your standard 6 try’s on your England debut what a performance 
SUPER MIX "Naughty By Genre" TRAP HIPHOP 
 OUT NOW HOT NEW AFROBEAT HEAT WAVE TITLED “OVERLOAD” 
 #10 happens tomorrow and it'll be a special one live and direct from the NTS studio in London with a special 
Cupid “BODY” .....
No matter how cold it gets, we're always bringing the heat 
We hope you grabbed  your ticket for Rapsody's Show next week! Its almost sold out
Mondays just became the hottest day of the week 
We bring the Worlds Biggest Boat Party to Amsterdam
The biggest KasiXmas Party
This. Wow. 
This Saturday all roads lead to 
  is everything. We are nothing, none of us, without them.Midnight Marauders blitzed my standard for what music could do for the mind.Between that and Low End Theory..The chords, the bass lines, the cadences. ..college.
FAN CLUB WILDCARD CANDIDATES! Vote for your favourite before MIDNIGHT 1/12/17... 
Heat!!! 
KaBOOM! Tonight's show with 
Car journey to Newcastle is gonnaaaaaa be Gasssed up ...
New Releases out on Blog!! here's 
It maybe cold but the girls are on fire at this afternoon’s netball
Working off that turkey before tomorrow's game!
The Party Don't Stop Fam!!!  I'm Greatly Honoured  To Be The Official Dj On Decks Come 7th/December 
Another victory for hope, as 
Madders Tiff - Underdog (Produced by 
TOMORROW NIGHT - We’re dabbin’ out  with 
Lighter crew crew crew crewBrand new 
Can't wait to use my new 
Goku just hit the greatest Kamehameha Wave in DragonBall franchise history That instant replay tho 
This weekend will be, as the kids say, lit. 
I got it is out everywhere! Stream it on spotify and purchase it on iTunes. You won't regret it. I don't think it's possible 4 
Np - This year 
Decent 2 weeks with the crew
DMX brings the 2003 energy back while performing with 
Hoooooome. So so tired but it was worth it 
It's getting hot in here! 
Best Player In The Country Olaijah Griffin!!! Next Deion Sanders!!! 
Form too hot to ignore! 
: Check out the Nov. magazine issues of 
 has never been hotter! We've FROZEN our prices for the rest of the month AND we're giving you FREE GLOBAL SHIPPING on all orders! Pre-Order NOW for January '18 delivery and grab the best price! 
Heading to Germany tomorrow to play 
 TO BE HONEST... the Real Ting mixtape, Hurtin me and DING A LING... absolute bangers. Im obsessed  
Gonna be a hot one! 
60 percent of the human body is water, the other 40 percent can be fabulous 
Great team win!!!GUTS-Energy should be building RIGHT NOW for next Saturday @ 7:00 PM
King Kotini @rikyrickworldwide is one of the most celebrated rappers in SA. He is known for his unique rapping skill & on stage presence. We are happy to have this award winning ‘Mr Boss Zonke’ returning to the 
My desk at work stays rowdy when lisneing to 
I need a squad to grind with 
Cover reveal & excerpt for 
If NOLA brings it like BMORE, Saturday is about to be 
"Born in the water" coming in 
Shoot Your Shot - Waacking & Vogue Festival
 I hope you're working on dropping more hit tracks!  The Heat is still FIRE!!!  
OH ITS LIT!!!!!!!
I'm really proud of you 
RT TO WIN: Tartelette Toasted palette 
We have another 30 Huntsman Tees which we are doing for a special deal - ONLY £5 until Sunday 
He’s roaring with power and fighting our battles... ‘we sing it like we believe it now let’s go into the world like we believe it’ 
Coconut smoothy for lunch #dancemusic#lifeyourdreams#munbaton#fruitarian#fruitymusic#healthylife#dreamscometrue
It's official, my brand new beast of a song "Catapult" has been released into the wild World Wide Web. Stream it, buy it and add it to your playlists using the music service of your choice via this link: 
All things house & bass with 
55k in a week?? Proud of you love! 
Yikes Man’s got a Canon on him lol
i think we owe meek an apology 
The Browns are 0-11 they’re on 
‘The Po’ Boy’-spiced popcorn shrimp on an organic buttery soft bun with spicy comeback sauce, lettuce and tomato
W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W. 
Probably played this song like 15 times today so far. Lyrics really hit home, not gonna lie. Always surprising me with your music. Hope you’re doing well brotha 
Can't stop, won't stop posting about our 
Logo of the day - UC Riverside Highlanders 
We’re live tonight with the crew till 10pm 
More than a condiment. More than Mustard. In two varieties and four package types. There is a little dose of 
Hey London, hey Glasgow, check out the hottest gigs this December!! Meet our 2018 Hottest Band 
Livin' by Alex Mali
ANOUNCING The Cura Tour ft. 
Sick of shivering? We've got the cure 
Check out my Born on Road family live for the next few hours! 
 x Wknd Warrior  x 
Remember remember the fifth of November!Happy Bonfire night everyone! 
Or Blonde And Bitchin......,..,.,,
New York! Can't wait to be bring 
Rise and shine, it’s GAMEDAY 
Huntingtowne Farms Elementary school show in one word!  
35% off all EU orders and free shipping of 5oz 3 packs with code: EUFIRESALEGood on 5 oz Original, Extra Hot, Green, and Variety 3 Packs
Oiiiiii mans made it onto the 
Yessir we are one week away from 
Final Reminder!!!!!
Ya can't fix perfection. 
Get together with fellow meat lovers to celebrate our rich red meat, speak to our Farmer Ian, watch a butchery demonstration, speak with our Head Chef and tuck into a 5-course tasting menu 
Black Hosoi Sky Rockets!!! 
So excited for Elevations new sermon series. Not only does it give me Stranger Things Vibes but the topic is
What an awesome night! First night of Wrestling Band was a success. Thanks to 
What are YOU doing tonight? Join 
 | His strike put us on our way to victory and it seemed like he was everywhere today... Gylfi gets your vote as MotM! 
TONIGHT!!!! ... on 
ICYMI: "Insecure in the House. Amanda seales so funny . Total blackout tour. DC first show was 
Happy for Jordan and Tammy to get their first goals of the Prem season. Big thanks to the Swans fans coming all that way to support us 
It went off in Newcastle last night as well. Big tune 
Get your hands on our Fujin Drill Top to escape the cold as the winter weather draws in! 
Casey Hayward - ranked #1 CBTrevor Williams - ranked #9 CBDesmond King - ranked #15 CB
Montreal, get ready for LxSx 
Some Year 5s are doing their work in the den and by the warm fire. 
sorry we were just driving around listening to my unreleased music 
New 30min mix ahead of me playing 
NFL PLAY OF WEEK 11
 absolute fire in Manchester tonight! New fan here 
.ENT Link in My Bio
I'm very happy to announce that I'll be playing live at 
@harrylintell double rock blocking for 
Just under 2 weeks to go until the first World Class Players camps. Visit 
 story about two of our student managers Wayne & Dre 
Interested in the vegetation of Madagascar? Apply for a PhD with 
One of my favorites from this past weekend. 
New Music : Reeko Squeeze [
 I've put this up before but I've recut it,now it's as hot as hell
MANCHESTER - SOLD OUT 
Great result away from home, much more like us 2nd half! The boy 
It’s officially arctic outside and what better way to stay warm than with a 
On the way back to LA soon. Vacation over back to work. I’m gonna give y’all some 
3 new openings you need to visit in London this week. 
Ingenious Pleasure Vol. 3 line up 
What a great speech!! 
TONIGHT!!! DRINKS, MUSIC, DANCE, PIIIIIIIIZZZZAA, and KEEN ONE rickyssobe , ITS GONNA BE LIT 
"The words we speak are inherently political" 
Still laughing...genius 
Myles had the fire on upstairs today... all 65” of it 
 THE WAIT IS OVER 
3 more hours until we welcome back 
THE RACE (REMIX)
Decided to stay online a bit longer than normal but kickass cast tonight! Played duos with 
Still haven't got your tickets for this Saturday? 
Mannn! This about to be the BIGGEST thinking I've Shot to Date! "The Juice"
So ready for a spa day, but this weekend has been straight 
Huge thanks to Foreverland for putting on and getting me involved for their amazing events! 
Can’t wait for tonight with the 
So stoked to announce that we'll be supporting 
Yes yes yes! Another 
The weather may be changing but we’re still keeping things hot at 
trap jumping' like 23 
So much incredible music being produced tho
 Our new album BLAZE is out now 
Stage time for tonight Newcastle 9:15PM 
Madness of a weekend commencing with this one w/ 
Brand new Westside Track of The Week, hear it all week on 
The way AP first stirred the 
Shaun Livingston behind-the-back showcase 
COME JOIN THE MIDWEEK MAYHEM TONIGHT @ DIRTY DISCO!!! 
Our first EDC this Friday, then we are back in Atlantic City, Saturday 
 Our latest emergency politics podcast => Flynn Flips
SHOULD I DROP JUICE VIDEO TOMORROW 
NEW!! Hitman - Come Through FT Vader x Realz [Music Video] - 
1 sleep & this drops, beautiful production & a massive anthemic vocal from 
Last night was insane!
We hope you enjoyed Creature. If you missed it skip to 1:38:00 for the exclusive. Out Thursday! Fanx 
Morning Natives, our Cyber Monday Sale is here! Save up to 50% on our entire store! Plus FREE Shipping on order over $100
 absolutely murdered this new mix 
 EACH & EVERY SUNDAY THE ONLY PLACE MOVING IS NEW 
I'm rocking wit this new 
Retweeted UIC Flames (
I was pleasantly surprised by this phone! It’s 
FLOWERS IN THE TRAP ALBUM IS OUT NOW !!! 
Ben Barnes Bares His Butt In Netflix Marvel Series 'The Punisher' (
Great news for YCC and women's cricket fans! We have been given 2 Kia Superleague games in 2018! 
Need some mash for all the bangers out the day! Class tracks from both 
. Kid had a big career at Central Catholic now off to DC to play for Howard University
Same!! Tuned in and waiting!! 
SUBWAY XL VIBES!
A coach at a power 5 school shared the foundation of their recruiting process.   Read and educate yourself on the process. 
DALLAS! Join us tonight at The Nines in Deep Ellum for CHRIS LORENZO 
Always smiling this one ...
MOOD for the weekend! Can always count on 
Proud of my boys. We did what we could but came up short for t16, appreciate all the love and support we’ve received this weekend. It feels good to be back 
 release their ‘Red Blinders’ EP today 
We love our fans in Houston
Hey guys! We've been long overdue for a mix, so here's one with some oldies, newer tracks, secrets, and a lot of 
POP SENSATION OF THE YEAR! 
SCALES & SCOUNDRELS #4 is at the printer! Stellar work from 
  Hits Cardiff This Month With A PHAT Line Up! I'll Be Here Supporting With Some BANGERS 
The Aragon Nest Grants Program is an experiment/exploration to bring together 3rd party devs to build on the platform. In order for 
A Boogie's album growing on me. Some 
GodFather is here !Thank you for all my knowledge 
It's been an incredible 12 months for 
Well bassy, well funky, it’s 
So I went to go shopping online  and the i see cuzzo 
 Head to Factory this weekend, and cut the queues with our GUESTLIST 
TOMORROW NIGHT!!!
i got my money up but i still be depressed 
Don't miss out the chance to win a free beat produced by MAJOR producer, 
"Play Your Position" 
New HOVA is gonna be 
Get ready SJA because tomorrow is the first day of what is about to be the best school year yet
MIKE ANDRY IS MR MARSHALL 2017! 
WHAT ARE YOU DOING GO LISTEN RIGHT NOW 
A lil something, something from our boy 
LA FAM! Stoked to be a part of the 
Girllllll you are fearless!! 
Karan Higdon took no L’s today25 carries200 yards3 TDs
 MATCHDAY!!!
Their chemistry is intense! 
All Pubs are under threat. They are ALL worth much more as luxury flats. Only string planning can stop this fire sale 
 is shaping up to be epic!! Dates are out and there's been site upgrade. Who is ready!?!?! Bring on 2018. 
Just 2 days till these 2 monster tracks drop!The work of a legend with 2 of the scenes best mc’s = certified bangers 
 OODLES TOUR STARTS TODAY. UK LETS DO THIS 
Yooo! SO i've been so busy that I didn't realise 
 dropped sum mo shit for da streets 
2019 Midfielder Pete Sitton with 
Anyone who’s got Lingard in their fantasy team has had a sick week. 3 goals in two games and low ownership 
Who ya got? 
Holy Christ LA you were wild tonight !!!! 
A snippet of last nights show 
 went off last night!! 
This Man U-Arsenal game is 
 to this classic mix from DJ BRYAN GEE 
Fringe! present Rapturous Ruptures | 4 April | 
Hello Wilson Funtimes!! RT 
Super fired up to help IGNITE 
Birds eye sunrise. 
Lovely song guys u should play again,thanks
The perf gutter in devtools makes it trivial to identify non-obvious costly paths in your code execution. 
Whilst it’s cold outside today, it’s lovely and warm at Acklam Hall.
d.b.s. - tales from the crib 
Loving these new cans from Nottingham’s 
Florida man dem.... Uplay represent
EXETER TONIGHT!!!! W/ DEATH REMAINS, PERPETUA AND BLACK COAST EXETER CAVERN DOORS AT 7:30 WE PLAY SOON AFTER DOORS 
I’m live people 
 ALBUM ON THE WAY 
 and Royal Family were so lit last Friday in London 
Hey im Riding in Miami jamming to 
Shout out to you for that atomic bomb beat 
Tomorrow night: Guy Fawkes & Fireworks Boat Party + EGG LDN 
The Glory Development Centre 7-8 age group were on 
 LINE UP ANNOUNCED FOR THE  
Coming soon: new leather 
I gotta say, I don't think I've heard one bad track come out of 
Heck yes it is. Albuquerque, NM on 1/16/18. 
bluesky_fiji .. Where it all began .. 
‘Teenage Fantasy’ is in the long list for 
NORTH AMERICA TOURLOS ANGELES
“No Switchin’ Sides” tonight 11:11 
Now playing: The Torchettes session 'Dreams' by Fleetwood Mac live off the floor 
 this is Tomorrow Night! Going to be 
Time for the last show of the tour.. Montreal, let's end this mofucka with style 
Producer extraordinaire Iain Canning 
Only two month until I am on the Magicbox stage 
Y’all go get that new 
Crunchyroll here with the LATEST DEVELOPMENTS on our top story 
The Senoreata plantain nachos are 
ResiDANCE party in Moscow was lit 
The support has been unreal. The future of men’s hair styling products is looking very lit 
Here's a snippet guys! Tonight midnight 
That's it, the last lucky early bird got them! Full Price tix now on sale, looking forward to seeing you all in August 
“You don’t wash your dishes when your house is on 
Your Longhorns take the W, improving to 4-0 
Two cute sexy kitties .. 
Paris was lit last night
 and the recipe is so good we can't for you guys to taste what we been cooking in the 
This man Aha Gazelle 
Start P2 tomorrow! Good job mate for the pole! 
EVERYMAN MAKE SURE U GO CHECK OUT 
 I LOVE THIS MUSIC 
RDS 02/17 final practice drill before pass out. Congratulations to all 12 Trainees for all their hard work and commitment. Good luck.
IT'S THE RETURN OF HOT SAX! 
You lads definitely put in a shift today 
Tonight 8 pm The 
London this week! Who's coming?! 
Come check out the local boys 
And we are looking forward to seeing you too!! It’s going to be a great eve. 
Super stoked to be playing Paul in 
Royal blues making their 2017 debut on Sunday
My thoughts on the Albums released tonight:Big Boi: 
Big time winners: 
It's going to be a hot one this weekend! 
Well didn’t think I would ever fan girl...but then 
Forget the AMA's my SHAMELESS senses are tingling. 
U13-U16 High Performance Camp with Rio Olympian, Mark Gleghorne, and 
Burning Man : Here we go again 
One week until the official music video for 
More tracks dropping tonight from 6pm from the 
Good Luck Babes. 
 Congrats! We’re thrilled to say that you’ve been nominated for peta2's Hottest Veg Celeb of 2017 
Good Luck to the Masters 045s and U16s in cup action today 
Day 1- Hell of a Hill! 
 Let’s start the week!! Studio day! 
HOT SHOW ALERT:  11/20 
MacLaren’s, The Drunken Clam, Moe's, Cheers, Tobe Nwigwe. What do these things have in common? BARS!!! 
NEW YORK TRAX 06 by Liquid Asset will be out on vinyl and digital on December 1 
Insecure in the House. Amanda seales so funny . Total blackout tour. DC first show was 
Our guy from wearetrilllion always know how to heat up a dance floor 
GO Watch ME vs Chilla Jones Now!!! 
Galcher’s Blowing Up The Workshop dropped 4 years ago 
Jazz fans of Leeds... Tonight... 
 new song about to drop. 
 Flashing Lights by Kanye West 
If you like rap and hip-hop, there’s a perfect show for you on ASR. ‘Rhythm and Poetry’ is live! 
The intense fight to be one of the top 4 boys at 
STORM WIN!!! 
My son Mason’s (
My senior season has officially begun… 
 Everything everything: 23 photos to show how incredible 
The CWL Analyst desk has made it to the arena for the Global Pro League!
 spittin' that T Dot Bakardi Slang on the 
“Free and reduced lunch is how they eat, it is NOT how they learn!” -Katice Menchan, principal of Snellville Middle School, bringing the truth!!! 
FIRST DAY OUT video is BRAZZYY 
How about that Japanese Rugby team though... Tempo rugby at its best..
I can finally show the full 
We are so PUMPED to hit the road for the third leg of our SWEAT 2017 NORTH AMERICAN ALBUM RELEASE TOUR! 25 shows comin' right up! 
The best rivalry games, all wrapped up in one ticket pack. 
Very excited for our new styles coming girlsonswim 
On tomorrow night's 
I can't wait for tonight Antwerp is going to be scenes 
Cerulean is out now, happy to be part of this album from 
We had an amazing day recording some of the 
Have a Blazing Bonfire Night!   
TONIGHT is the night! Come chill with us at 11/10c for all new episodes of 
Lance Tejada knocked down... doesn't matter. He's been feeling it from deep 
nov 10 x 2 
This kettlebell glutes workout is a cross-training must! 
I hope Vegas is ready! I'm bringing the heat TOMORROW at 
My brother!! RT 
That’s what I talking about 
Love Friday mix is sounding sickkkk 
The weather may be hot, but hell is hotter! 
Rise & shine! 
Riz Ahmed just won for "The Night Of." Here's him spitting 
Eyes wide momma I’m floating
Yaass luv ya moma! 
Very lucky to have a cheeky sneak preview of some work-in-progress bits of this yesterday and me oh my was it 
 The domestic torch relay started today!! 
Spanish Flatbread, with olive oil, goat cheese, roasted red pepper, kalamata olives, caramelized onions, cherry tomatoes, and rosemary. 
Good mng jeshi ya GrandPa let's link up tonight frm 8pm at club tribeka as GrandPa Government is set to launch 
 everything coming out under the moniker StuSimons is 
"Our bodies aren't battlegrounds for your life lessons." - Kelsey Ford 
ThiS is gunna be a madness !!!! 
 - Forever!! The whole ep is amazing. This. Is. How. You. Make. Deep. Tech. House!!! Coming soon on 
‘What has to be one of the best books of 2017’ 
 Hot King Prawn canters to an effortless Class Three win, now 4/4 with 
Real Betis play some serious stuff 
Results from the last 2 nights from the optimal lineup from 
Save 20% on gift vouchers! 
...Tune in to PowerFM RIGHT NOW!! 91.3fm 
Aaww shit red man!! Muddy waters !!
Yeah check it out from Civic Square. Y'know why? Cuz I'M LIT 
I’m with You.. I still need these uptempos too. Now I see why god told me be still when them gold joints dropped last Thursday. 
 has to be my favorite YouTuber like every video is hella dope 
 | Three incredible saves! 
 Here's one hot 11-month 
Fully, unapologetically admit to crying over the end of Iron Man 3 and operation Clean Slate every single time. 
It's LIT... TUNE IN! 
Not even half of our list of beef 
 was AMAZING!!!!! 
Looks like a lot of my sets just going to be playing a lot of 
How much time until kickoff? 
Spit for SWAY after trying to for YEARS... Just to prove anything is possible 
Ness logs for sale! 
So upset I can’t make it to 
So amped to announce I will be joining 
 super 7 volume 7 and 8, gives me life 
Looking like a huge Wednesday in store 
See you tonight Vancouver at Celebrities!! 
 Holman with the pass AND the swing! 
28) Coma Cat - 
Introducing El Mocambo Overdrive: sweet, sweet overdrive tones, for biting blues leads and hard-rock rhythms alike! 
Finally! YOUR 2017 WB VARSITY L BOYZ!! 
New Visuals!! 
FRIDAY!!! 
Dec 8th in Norwich with the Boom Sound crew 
10 Event Trends for 2018 
Boys, are yall ready for what's coming???
Never tried kiln dried before? Then you are in for a wood burning treat! 
Time to take this baby out and create more looks. 
 The 2 Grand Dig Hill 80 
Forget Pirlo. Forget Scholes. Our midfield maestro 
He's always cool on the ice, but 
What a stallion!! 
Our new single “Light It” with 
UK's top HipHop band 
 casually scrolling the my new mix on Apple Music and painless by Fozzy appears. Now I’m a huge Chris Jericho fan, but I’ve never listened to your music. Safe to say that I may have found my new favourite band 
Here's part 1 of our 3 minute video demonstrating the set-up of the audio-technica System 10 Pro! Thank you 
DEAS GOOD GATHERING WAS A RAGER 
Davood!!!!!! On fire tonight!!!! 
I can’t tell you how good it feels to go back to work. So many new songs next year...
Belgian rapper ISHA isn’t clowning around on this one. 
Two weeks of filming complete and I can see it coming together. This movie is going to be 
Odyssey is the #1 putter at the WGC-HSBC Champions, a field of the world’s best. And BTW, our boy 
Adapted to lend itself to the high heats and rolling flame of Roccbox our Tandoori Chicken recipe is incredible! 
Relax after hard studio session!! 
Young bulls got the juice 
The official music video for "Hell of a Year" is finally here! 
Checking...1..2..1..2....----------------------New week new fire 
 Grab the adidas Ultra Boost 4.0 'White' with black sole direct from 
Can’t wait to do my first 
My main man, The Turntable beast 
7:55 1H | TCU 35 - Omaha 14TCU still 
Failures can teach you more than successes. We’re proud to be sponsoring tonight’s 
Consider that a message. GG's OpTic we win 2-0 and advance to 1-0 in our pool. Playing Fable on main stage at 7 est 
Get excited... the new 
16 points in 16 games, with an 8-game point streak. Yeah, you could say Hoffman is HOT. 
 friends! We’re at 
Go check out all dope epsilon merch! 
ENJOY YOUR WEEKEND WITH 
There's no place like Red Mountain! Such an incredible Homecoming! 
 bumpin BPM with my man Ben Harvey running the show! Always 
Restocked jog pants and varsity jackets at 
Big tune alert !!! 
We are hearing wonderful things from our 
See Our New Website, We Gave It a 
I have only ever once heard a mystery voice that was so beautiful I stopped in my tracks at 
What a weekend!!
Do You Like... Lordtronik (?)prophetsofrage zenith_paris 
Dave East drops off new music “Soul Food” 
Still can't get over how good this weekend was! Out to 
Thursday= Spray Day! Get a spray tan today for the perfect tan for the weekend!
During his prime Ronaldo was simply unstoppable. 
‘I’m too old to kid ya, I gotta adult ya’ -
Tour is wrapped but we've still got 1 show left in Miami to kick off Art Basel Dec 2nd 
Top golf Birmingham Finally open
More secret bizz coming wayyyyy soon 
Tell us who would you be most excited to see live at Capital Jingle Bell Ball ! 
You and Cirra are a pair of sweethearts. A pleasure to meet you both! 
We had the pleasure of speaking with the man himself 
Come get wasted for under $10 with 
Women's basketball look to stay perfect, men's volleyball head to Fleming in search of sixth straight win 
Boom! Just landed Rico’s Posse whose weanling just went for $140K. En fuego. 
That’s what I’m talking about.  Sent our seniors out of Kelly Shorts the only way we know how. Great win in the last game of the year 
South Africa is doing bits rn. 
TOMORROW! Getting Sloppy w/ 
Please help retweet so we can drop the 
: We are honored to have been named one of Boston's 50 on Fire in Technology! Congratulations to the other winners. 
The incredible Grace Van Patten 
"I didn't have an idea for the series until my editor told me that it could be "anything, as long as it works in WordPress." I thought that was an amazingly self-defeating statement that resonated with my personal life." Ryan Kuo in convo w 
Yea I'm a 90s baby 
Can't wait to see you suited up slinging that 
Cheltenham, you guys set the bar last night! 
ATTENTION! HOT SNAKES ARE PLAYING IN THE UK. 
Man I’m in love with 
"Sometimes you gotta look in the mirror and have that one on one..." 
Wicked Super Sunday!Smash n Grab destroyed it after Rieo Sky, too!Koollondon Baby!
"Every child is someone's child you affi mind what you do, coz karma's gonna bring that drama back on you" 
This'll be a hoot. 
Ain't A Damn Thing Change. 
It's gonna be 
You Stay Inspiring me! One Day I will have a gig guide like this 
It only takes one ride to get that fire 
 rage max brah ! 
 The -h flag is often short for "human readable" for things like memory/disk space amounts.Try:df -h [disk space usage]free -mh [ram usage]du -h [current directory size]
“Burn it up!” 
Overjoyed to see this news! 
I spent my last 48 hours in the studio. New Music incoming 
 League Moments drop!! You can now find Sapphire 
Super excited to announce my verbal commitment to swim at Liberty University! Can't wait 
Oh yeah,tonight this is happening. My first ever 
Sold out business! And the rest are moving fast. Grab your tix nowww! 
The Future Stars Classic is the event to take your 10-14U squads! Put them in a great national event under the bright lights
LOUD IS OUT NOWWWW!!!!! 
Another new feature you say? 
AYE I MADE IT ONTO THIS HALLOWEEN COMPILATION! I'll keep you guys updated on this! I'm SUPER excited! 
The winning streak's not over yet! 11-for-11 on the last two drives, a season-high 385 passing yards, and a 15-point comeback complete. Just another Sunday for 
Stream ‘Ceasefire’ now 
 Long May We Reign 
thanks for the love, antwerp! playing 
 the below clip to get an exclusive message from 
Who rocked it better?? Like for 
Get online from 23:00 when Sian Anderson will be sharing bars so jawdropping that the floor will 
Photo Shoot + Jerseys = 
Sea Bream with Smoked Jerusalem Artichokes and Golden Raisins... 
Know someone who loves spice? 
This week's item of the game? Our 
We promised to see you again and we meant it, 
 getting to dance with these 2! You both deserve that mirror ball trophy! Vote 1(800)868-3406 
What happens in Vegas isn’t staying in Vegas...Your Gophers WON the tourney! Freshman 
In terms of bootlegs this one takes the cake imo. So fcking gooodd 
New Package Alert!!!! 
The album is out! So I'm giving away this 
 THIS IS NOT A DRILL! 
Rand Paul why are you so weak with Trump? All talk! You vote with him and act like you are a patriot or somethin. Israel & Saudi must be proud of you, their rep on the spot. Billionaires love you boy 
TONIGHT at 8 ET! The 
Having a sneaky listen to the new 
 When Brothers Speak -November 19th!! You don't want to miss this  
Omg Alyssa, you’re on 
Flying out to Vegas tomorrow for a weekend in the studio with my bro 
We're heading out on this little run with our boys in 
Monday evening and I’ve just realised how positive I’ve been all day. Good day at work, good PT session, good motivational chat with friends so all in all a good day! 
My nephew sagekatz ripping 
It was another heat filled NMF so here are some can’t miss singles from 
Great character from the boys to get a draw after going behind 3 times! 
Learn More About Me With This Interview
I snuck the armor round dis bitch... like my first real date 
What a stunning fireplace and fire. This really is something else. The gas fire is made in 
We have four 2:12 marathoners on the team...let That sink in 
COME DRANK WIT ME TONIGHT! 
Let me just say.. it was a very...very.. sexual morning... 
Thank you Graz for such a great Wednesday night
Keep working lil bro , your time coming believe me 
LIGHTS OUT for Black Friday! Our hottest sale of the year is ON! 
Still can’t get over how good 
"I'm like a turtle in the race, got enough squares to put your circle into shape" Slick motherfucka this shit different
Phew! Great ride , awful weather , the last 20 km was a dark place known as hell 
~ New New !!! 
Man like Big Shaq in the 0161 
 Through to the quarter finals! 
When the meeting is long but the snacks are 
Ok, we see u 
Our collab 'Turn Up' with 
ME waiting for fresh Matroda 
 Song Of The Day 
Absolutely mega free download from 
STUBBLE! This dude is so 
LET'S GET READY TO GRUMBLE 
This is the best thing I’ve seen in a while!! Big up the 
Yesterday we won a battle! Eyes on the next enemies 
58- Bee Dawson has a well earned rest, LETS GO WAGS! 
"QUIET ON SET" 
@NeumannUSA always gets the job done 
Some footage from last night from 
Please RT! South African Songs In Real Life 
A lite 56 tho 
 she's future world champ keep your eyes peeled for 
Out This Friday ! 
SUCH a good day of content filming with 
Tonight ! 08.23.2017Celebrating the 1st year anniversary. 
Today is the first ticket pickup for 1831 week!! 
Yooooh bro that was insanely intellectual.  Craaaaaaaazy to say the least 
Guess who's back ! All Metallics including the ever so popular Burnt Copper 
2 WEEKS TO GO 
This point from yesterday’s match was 
Here's your sneak peek at Most Rated 2018 thanks to 
Coming in hot at #9 of our 
Here's part 2 of our 3 minute video demonstrating the set-up of the audio-technica System 10 Pro! Thank you 
Our latest playlist is here featuring 
Dying yung is the only thing that I fear. If I go without producing seeds like my peers I'll be damned!! 
It's not just hot gossip—RUMOURS just dropped 
Shawty want me fall in love I ain't got it in me 
Cyber Monday deal!!! Venmo me a dollar for exclusive tweets and musings! 
#11 SXSW: HOW A 10-DAY MEGA-FESTIVAL IS MANAGED
Deals, Deals, Deals
11/24/17 (Next Friday) it's coming 
You already know bro
 Friday Boston we are in the presence of dembow royalty 
19 Goals in 6 games 
This right here?! Flames my guy!! 
Low ticket alert!
This week's new playlist additions: 
Online this Friday, Nike SB  releases a very special Dunk in conjunction with the Japanese collectible maker Medicom and it is going to be pure wild fire. 
Can’t wait to contribute to this awesome program. Be there! 
Game of Thrones has been the best TV show I’ve ever seen 
These moves are lit! 
1 week to go til this 
Finally got this bad boy! 
Happy Birthday to Indy Team Rider Emmanuel Guzman! 
 also the bus ride is free, you get a free T-shirt, and attendance school hours for riding the bus
Sick Eatbrain night w/ URGE TO MOVE AfterMovie, Dresden on fire, big night 
When you listening to A-List HipHop on Apple Music and 
FIA FIA BURN DEM 
I must of not been paying attention to who was in 
Looks like we've got to put down some fires in the new system. The Mystery Riddle is rescheduled for next week. 
Retweeted Th3 SΔgΔ ††† (
MINE TOO! Straight 
Game winning field goal? 
PHOTO OF THE WEEK
When you want the night to last forever 
 We're excited to announce that 
So much amazing music out there at the moment... 
Such range and such a beautiful tone, 
This remix is firee! 
@ElevationAvenue & @The59SoundBand this Saturday
Yeah last night was very sick. South London excursions 
Paul. Dan. Briggs. Trials 
 MELBOURNE SHOPIFY MEETUP TONIGHT
Yo! MTV Raps is BACK! 
 Local & African tunes with your boy Maximilian!How's your Friday?
Bringing Big Shaq the heat on FIFA 
Carmelo Anthony drills late go-ahead 3 for the w-NOT SO FAST. WIGGINS AT THE BUZZER 
New Mix Been Uploaded, Will Be Available For Free Download in 5 mins only on my mixcloud 
THIS SATURDAY 4 NOVEMBER 2017 | THE LOFT
You don't understand how gassed I am to see 
Oh yeah and that's ME in the blue! Awesome stuff! 
Bobby C was on FIRE on this week's 
Long day yesterday but so fun. San Jose tonight 
I just love to watch dj shabsy's mix on 
MANCHESTER UNITED!!!! 
What happens when you get a bunch of 
W O O D 
John Swing DJ set at Campfire Headphase 
 And that's a wrap! 
Deli Hating On Me X 
Just 6 hours left to get 25% OFF EVERYTHING at 
EL PASO y'all came in with the sauce... ooo 
Blessed to be a part of this amazing tune
New Music Titled “AVAILABLE” Out Now 
Look It's a Jay Z's album 
Check out our updated Spotify playlist featuring 
Our new tees, modelled by some weirdo. Available at all shows on this tour but numbers are limited! 
Try scorers from today: Nick Scholes Charlie Bray Josh Miller Ralph Lawson 
Left-to-Right: Taylor Phillips, Ricky Young, Matt Roy, Matt Chase. Lighting the room on 
Spain was hot, hot & hot 
Pure fire!! 
It is with a humble heart that we thank everyone for raising money for the 
 ArjunKapoor in stunning easy breezy bottlegreen 
 COO, CJ Foo - 
Lookin' for a smooth way to kick-off this long weekend?Tune in right now to the 
Atmosphere was a joke today!! 
They think we put here playing. But they ain’t ready for 
Tomorrow night we Takeover Rough Tempo with this massive line up!!!!Hope your ready!!!!! 
 congrats on another one!!! 
Make sure to tune in and have some fun! Make some new friends and chat!
 is back with season 3 - EP 1...It’s out now!! 
Our new for 2018 bats: The AJK & the 2018 Pod. Thoughts? 
Back at The Hard Dance Factory to shock your senses! 
So much fire on this, my kind of hiphop 
- How strong are typical tempered glass side panels? We drop one on concrete multiple times to find out! 
 social chromosome OBP divergence. As shared @ 
There are so many great shows coming up in San Diego! Namely, Buckethead on Friday December 15th! Don't miss this one 
3 stouts for a snowy Sunday
Out tomorrow on Subculture! The 42nd Parallel 
 | A big win kick-started by this man today – for a chance to win his signed shirt follow 
Yours truly at 1:21 (my hand) and 1:25. 
Team GB’s medal hopefuls proved their strength under pressure last weekend with what might be one of the best starts to the season anyone could have hoped for! 
This new "Sinatra 2.5" tho 
Almost time for ADE!
 LOW TIX WARNING! 
Dropped some HEAT today! Boogie T & Squnto in Lincoln, NE and Springfield, MO!Also got Mr. CARMACK LIVE hitting up KCMO and Lincoln, NE 
Finished preseason w/ a nice win vs. an athletic Ocoee team. Thanks for having us. CFCA 82Ocoee 54
 is the UK’s Version of Drake 
Check out this playlist! A bunch of amazing bands on it! 
Who's excited to hear our cover of 
Ok so... we in motion, it's a Late Night Connection 
In just 1 magic hour its getting turnt on 
DJ Kieron J back with us this Saturday 
EU live dates coming up! 
Hojotoho! Heiaha-ha! The Valkyries are coming! Will 
Plenty of cute knits live on our asos store 
Tonight Tom Tyger Birthday with 
Coming to forloop event today?Coming with a friend?Take 
There are no weekends when you want to be the best! 
Smoke Brisket.  Not Drugs 
If Swindon hadn't made me strong I probably wouldn't be in London making heaters 
BURNING MAN MUSIC VIDEO!! 
Set List Vol 72: 
B Young - Jumanji (Prod. By AntiWave) [Music Video] | GRM Daily 
That's a guaranteed medal for the girls 
Baby, it’s cold outside.Grab your blanket, settle into your giant beanbag and keep cosy in the Snow Kingdom - you’ll never want to leave! 
Monday let's gooooooooooooooo 
New Kendrick Re-rub from Neon Steve just dropped for free over on our SoundCloud 
Just got my tickets to see 
HOT IN THE CITY | time to wear not much at all 
Those 3 songs =
This deadass my favorite song 
New tunes!!!!! 
OH SHIT I THINK ITS GOING OFF 
Matchday: Portugal - Belgium! 
I never, literally never, thought I’d say this, but the new Harry Styles song is 
 has released its first but most definitely not last dj on their crazy line up 
New House & EDM Loops On 
From last nights Sunday Sweeney Session aka HEADZ 
Andrei Markov's former Habs teammate is doing damage to his new squad. Alexander Perezhogin's snipe has Avangard up 1-0 on Kazan early! 
Ecstatic musical fusion! Happening in 20 mins. In 30Degrees heat. 
 The Rhythm of The Night 
New remix of Stoned out today by 
 "Take back control" was half right. The mistake? It should have been from London, not Brussels. 
Moombahton Made Me Do It 
This Saturday. Alliance Francais. BAR Concert. Supporting the big bro 
It was not Your Ordinary Sunday 
Currently unconcerned with the weather cause this Plan B-Rito is 
We've had a Adidas drop on our Asos site! Check it out 
My set from the closing party at this years 
What's that? Little flash back 
The prize table is lit thanks to 
 s/o DNA and K-Shine for the 2on2 rap battle . URLtv & QOTR 
I’ll be playing my first show in SPAIN this weekend 
These pants....
Best remix I've heard so far this year 
As you wished :) Uploaded our set from 
9 December Meat Lounge Bushbuckridge 
THROWING A PARTY TO CELEBRATE FINDERS KEEPERS. LONDON. TOMORROW NIGHT. 18+. @ ME IF YOU AND A MATE WANNA COME 
Bulgaria prep training this week, junior team on 
What’s happening here? Tune in tonight to 
Female VC firepower! 
Pete will be playing with Nadine Shah at Brudenell Social Club in Leeds tomorrow night. 
Likkle Miss Ft. Shawn Storm - That's What Friends Are For
Final hours to take 20% off your entire order! 
PLAYLIST UPDATE: ‘Gene Dunlap - Party in Me’ - bit of a throwback for this week’s track. Straight disco fire 
Hoping everyone is having a great Thanksgiving! Tour continues on tomorrow in New Jersey - make sure you grab a ticket ASAP! 
IG:Hotdog1986IG:DnB_Rock2SC:HotDogD-7Twitter:HD848606Facebook: Kelly Kelly Reddit:HD0428Tumblr:HotDoghotdamhdAnchor:HotDog Live.me:HD
Hoping to see everyone wrapped up warm 
First career start for Chris Godwin and he did not disappoint 
Scientists use computer programs called climate models to understand how our planet is changing.More climate model basics: 
Very very fucking tough. Def a must slap fr 
That feeling when it’s finally GAME DAY 
Getting ready for the holidays? Artisanal cheese is a real crowd pleaser! 
Be a role model on the court & off the court. 
Honestly, truly, this is such an album 
Great team performance after the international break from all the boys today. Salah on 
If you in Sydney Prive Halloween Ball 2017 at Verandah Bar 55-65 Elizabeth street. Sydney 
For those asking, here is a shot of 
 Lots of places in Laravel that accept callbacks will also accept a dot-notation string.Perfect when you're just doing something simple and PHP's verbose closures are making you sad 
We got an early look at the 
6 goals in 4 games. Rachel Hill is on fire! 
The Jarrod West Game
If you haven't been, Edmonton should be at the top of your travel list. The food scene is 
Nothing says cosy like a log fire.. 
We can finally announce that we will be playing the mighty 
Laugh Now, Fly Later 
Our Pastrami Western Burger Is Too 
Who's ready for new Mightyfools music? 
Writing back-end systems using 
A steaming hot performance! 
I was, the covers album. Fire 
 last week's Mass Choir was 
MY MAN! This brother right here is a superstar...!!!!
The difference between Bad bitch vs Sad bitch 
Swear down I play that new 
Shout out to Liquid Todd for supporting Kue's "Girlfriend" on 
15 DECEMBER 2017. 
This thread on recognizing & calling out gatekeepers 
 & jesseroyal1 this week NorCal!! This tour is on 
Super excited to be playing the madnessband House of Fun Weekender this Sunday!
 The bug has been located and incinerated! We're going live in 15min! 
Incoming! Final touches on brand new music from 
Our all new festive afternoon tea, fashioned by 
New Smokepurpp produced by Ronny J 
 I've never listened to Music Because it's Currently 'In' or 'Cool' I listen to Talent, Your Music, Your Words and Delivery will always make you Relevant! Straight Facts/Spotlight/Trill 
That was insane!!! 
GET IN!The double sub pays off immediately as 
Visit our on-campus store for pins (only $1!). Beanies and more in store and online at 
What a beautiful winter porter! A staff favourite, watch the envy on our faces as you take a seat by the fire with this warming tipple... 
 you caused one of the biggest mosh pits I’ve seen in a couple months. you changed the whole mood when your set came on
Nearly all change for bonfire night
Get it while it’s hot: 50% OFF pizzas. 
On my way to London! Tonight I will play a little something during DJ MAG LIVE X Kaleido at WORK BAR. Settime: 18:00 - 19.00 (GMT +1). 
The lottery is at 35 million dollars tonight and I spent $500 on tickets if I win I will give one person who likes this tweet 1 million dollars 
Just how good was she?!!!
Nothing better than waking up with a blank canvass & by the end of the day a full song is created! Smashed it today 
3 Days till we set the roof at 
 We're announcing the winners for this 
SA Please make sure you’re supporting local artists 
Jules Bernard always scoring 
So... Last night was kinda definitely high key crazy, LA. 
SW. (Live) last night was a game changer 
Antti Raanta gets the start tonight. 
Missed the show last night? You missed 
Here is the game winning block!! 
In just about 3 weeks we'll be seeing 21 Savage performing LIVE at The 
THE MOTIVE RETURNS with @mason__maynard on the 6th of January 2018, Bringing the best Techno & House vibes to The Source...Check the latest release from @mason__maynard, track is called Puffy 
 Once we get fully funded on 
So it's time to smash 
Yeap! We ready! Tune in to 
Eminem drops a powerful freestyle and destroys Donald Trump . 
✰WIN!✰ Our Sundays are 'LIT'
AFTA-1 and Melbourne's best: Amin Payne, members of 30/70 and Horatio Luna, Cazaeux Oslo (SO.Crates) and N'fa Jones 
Brand new fire courtesy Hutchinson 
Tonight broward getting its first real gouyad party since house party days pull up on me
 is nice af... sounds like he's already a seasoned rapper 
Check out Keller's Grateful Grass on 
Im really excited for indie jones II. Its about to be lit 
On a scale of one to awesome, our fans are 
seriously y’all should cancel Karaoke Thursday now on this high note it’s over so nice 
Buffalo chicken is back! 
You want the hottest merch in the game here you GO
Pirlo has confirmed his retirement from football. His dead-ball masterclass is a reminder to why he's an absolute baller 
In we go, hanging over to my G 
The to layers of contrasting plaid on the Harrisburg shirt are 
. Appreciate it Greg! Go have a big 2018!
Durban, you were never ready! We about to party every Tuesday hosted by 
Wow Friday Night is absolutely Hotttttt Tonight 
Oh yeah , new music tomorrow via 
Real talk . officialdannytrejo 
NIGHT SCHOOL - Day 1 -  WillPackerProductions x HartBeat Productions 
Ms Banks rode TF outa this beat 
Wooop !!! This is going to be 
How Much Text Should I Use In My Video? 5 Secret Tips From 
AVAILABLE NOW (link in bio) 
Here is Part Two! Looking forward to more of these! 
| Let’s go Tash Bash |
 For those of you around the world who can’t make our live show with 
Tonight I’m back 
Gonna stream at 9pm tonight 
It's Bonfire night! 
"You got the moves, you got the moves" 
Exclusive merch for sale at our Black Friday Pop-Up Sale at 
This Joint Is On Fire 
The harmattan got me feeling like WINTER IS COMING. Man's not hot 
This is coming up quick! Some dates with 
What's the ultimate holiday gift to give to those near and dear to your wood-fired heart? A brand new Traeger grill
The wait is finally over!
who's ready for some more new music 
3 straight months of a MILLION dollars or more in sales. We’re so proud of y’all. 
Full-time: Everton 0-3 Chelsea! WHAT A WIN! 
How's about you add Sands 
Tune in to Club 919 tonight and you could stand the chance of winning this bottle of Virginia Black Whiskey tonight. Stay Fuego
Live at 5 Saturday service was 
The *BEST* Sunday brunch 
Pure beauty demonstrated by the sexy 
The term “Black History” is so degrading, limiting, discrediting, irresponsible and racist. History is “his” story and I am him, the original man. How I change/impact the world is simply history 
Nanoosh wins race 4 at KEE! Cool, funny horse! Another 2YO winner for Paynter! Starting to 
Sound of Sephyx is OUT NOW!
TBH, isn't the "Most Atlanta Thing Ever" still an IMPLOSION?!? 
Make sure you get down early tonight to see 
Hot Friday 10.11 @ 
Boom! A match made in heaven! 
I swear “Issa Slow Jam” with 21 Savage x Keith Sweat on 
RJ BARRETT Puts on HIGHLIGHT REEL AT HOLIDAYS HOOPSGIVING!!!
Louis Berry last night in Stoke. 
Macaws in sunlight look almost literally 
Denver this Thursday at the black box with 
9-0 BABY!!! 
D.E.S.C.E.N.D.E.D 3 days and counting 
Had a helluva time rockin w/
Medicine welcomes Rebecca Greystone Magnet CE - Medicine is on 
We just can't deal with how 
Bruh. This dude is speaking nothing but the truth!!! He gets it 
Whoop :DHappy to announce that my track ''Don't Stop'' with 
Why don't you have your ticket yet! This show is 
Wicked tune / Wicked vid
Feels so good to win both titles this week
Antrim Coast, NI 
By far one of my ADE highlights was when 
Drum and Bass Awards Returns in 2018! 
Now that's how you end a festival 
Desert Hearts just dropped their lineup for their Spring 2016 festival and it's 
How these guys remixes Omunye phekomunye gqom to afrosoul
Exploring the city in comfort and warmth thanks to Skechers on-the-GO City 2 - Bundle 
Get ready! @barbiesaddiction rolling into Hawai‘i 
“Not just smouldering… Absolutely scorching.”“Giovanni’s dancers are as good as any you will see on the television show.”Just some of the Reviews of Dance Is Life last year and in 2018, 
Mo Stack + 2018 + 
YO! Check em' out...
This is going to be on another level of dope 
This is what I'm talking about... Michael Che is on 
RETWEET if you'd like to see INK on 
Show them you really care with The Reynolds Wrap...a new fragrance by Men5. 
A traditional Chinese hotpot in HongKong. 
Throughout the day, there will be challenge gifts to unlock! Current challenge: use 
My mind is set on all these new projects I'm starting after work with some of my favorite jersey club producers 
Yooo!!! This tune 
. Available tomorrow at RF19 in NYC.
Great job by Chef Andrew representing 
Australia, we are back in 2018 
Demonettes take the floor tonight at 6pm against Westside. Last game Jordan had 29 points, 5 steals, and 6 assists. 
Can already tell it's going to be 
fur real, this look is 
Yeeoooow!!! We set out in 2012 to evolve the regular giving experience into something better and grow a movement, and now we're stupidly excited to kick off a year-long push to supercharge the Collective with our sights set on reaching over 1,000 regular donors 
Next Level isssh!!! What a madness from 
THIS IS NOT A DRILL! 2 lucky winners can take home ALL of the gaming goodies that you’re seeing below worth $5000+ Enter the competition here: 
TOO HOT TO HANDLE 
Check out what we got up to on the fuelling the fire tour 
QV 29 Sharon 10 Told those Sharon Fans 
Today’s Finds!!! 
In case you missed the sunset at 
Awesome working with these guys today 
Saving the best for last, the people's player our (VC) 
Notre Dame vs. Miami is gonna be 
 this Sia Christmas album might just rescue an absolute shit 2017
Get ‘em while they’re 
 Matchday 7 is out now! Some great matchups this week, lots of goals, last-minute drama in the 
 wants you to make the decision today to become an abolitionist — to abolish injustice, to abolish racism, fascism, & corporatism. 
We loved helping out tonight at Shorefields School Low-Noise Firework display! 
YEAAAAAHH!!, MORE HOUR MORE BOUNCE
Justin Eldridge - Holy Ghost Prod. By 
If you’re  around Cape Town in the Strand area tomorrow night, come through to Umtata Lounge 
One of the best finishers in the game 
To get VIP membership 
What a way to end the season - Scottish Cup Champions!!! Happy Monday 
BONFIRE RALLY. TONIGHT AT 7PM. GREEK THEATRE. DOORS OPEN AT 6. SEE YOU THERE.
gucci mane kills his verse on blackbears new track - do re mi 
WWE 2K18 NEWS: 
Tomorrow we make history!! 
Dat otedola with the money song na my jam be dat too
EPIC GIG ALERT: 
NEW VIDEO! Dell XPS 13 (8th Gen) vs Lenovo Yoga 920 - 
The levels of sass in this vid
This new track ya 
Mytus - Kickin In 
!Sweet monitor deal $199 for an LG 34" Ultrawide 2560*1080 
Boss model Erica Correa is 
"Coutinho's fooled everybody!" 
 Saffiyah Khan launches her first solo Exhibition back in the local community 
Another INCREDIBLE picture of the transformation from the 
Please give our partners a follow at 
"Being ready, fire" 
I have decided that I don't want to be a Firefighter anymore because it looks like a dangerous job for me to do but I do like the clothes that they wear including boots, pants, coat, hood, breathing apparatus and helmet 
1. Go where you are wanted 2. If you get a package that pays for a portion or all of your education it doesnt matter which level 
Uniform combo for the first road game of the season. 
Stream “TAX” NOW! on Tidal & other music outlets 
You could bag 2 tickets PLUS backstage passes to the 
Runtown’s new song “Energy” is a very infectious song! 
 Win ALL of this sick gaming gear! 
It's our Black Friday & Cyber Monday sale!  
When the squad is back together 
Go check out my Lil snippet of my Senior Highlights it’s not done yet didn’t put half of my touchdowns or the state championship game on here Enjoy ...............
IP with the MONSTER dunk off transition!Toreros come out the gate on 
Happy birthday to music producer 
Oxford you guys were on fire last night! 
IRGIB AFRICA UNIVERSITY RADIO 
Track is so good guys! Very excited for release and glad to see such good support so quick!! 
Super Bowl’s gonna be 
Baby, it's cold outside. Heat things up with the red puffer jacket for her 
Dani - THREE - G! 
TONIDE TONIDE! CATCH US SHELLING ON 
Back-to-back record highs in Denver! 
The story behind every track on 
How do you start the week?WSTRN ft Alkaline - Txtin' Flexin, flexin, txtin, txtin.
MILTON KEYNES TONIGHT w/ 
Let’s get it!!! 
What a set last night 
The guns on this Wonder Woman cosplayer tho 
 Our new album is OUT NOW! Physical copies in stores now + digitally for Download & Streaming exclusively on iTunes. 
Nia, You beautiful young woman! I am beyond excited to see the journey life takes you on. And don't wait to get to the top to pass the torch! Pass it now. Ignite someone else flame! 
I know you are all dying for the newest installment of the B.G.M. 1st of The Month Podcast because well it’s the 1st of the month, but our takes are so 
Shits so lit playing pro am in person with the Bros 
Let’s fucking get it 
In his first year eligible, 
High School football ended way earlier than I expected. Memories will live forever. Thanks to Calabasas and Chaminade coaches for pushing me to do my best, grind evrery practice and game. Thanks to all the supportive family, friends and teammates. Time to begin a new journey
Join us for our annual LANDR Holiday Party! Free entry, good drinks and 
Website of the Year 2017 is live! Check out the finalists & the new showcase site by 
Have you checked out the new SGC merch yet?
Bring yourself in out of the cold and snow this evening and join us by our wood burning fire. Enjoy a leisure drink and great company. 
NEW: The one and only 
Good morning peeps. 1yr Anniversary was a SHUTDOWN
OH HEY IT’S POSSIBLY MY FAVOURITE PHOTO OF ME EVER! with 
So stoked to finally have this album out - link in bio 
It was super tight! But 
It’s no ones birthday, we’ve no idea how she know’s how to sing this but my heart is on 
When boiz can't wait to sing and disturb with it tonight. 
The Shaq Fu Collection Is Now Available In Store & Online - 
FOUR huge matches announced for our final event of 2017!! Get your tickets right now to help us close out a huge year!! 
Room 132 Partner reading today is 
  Start December off right with a HOT Project 
 <—— this dude up next!!!! 
Can't wait for this, who's up for a 
LIVE RIGHT NOW ON 
WET: THE WONDERFUL EGO TRIP TRACKLIST 
every time I see 
" I Still Am" Out Now
Job done! Last group photo! Heat 
"Only bought this dress so you could take it off." OK 
Watch the world premiere episode with 
Solange posing in Calvin Klein's iconic logo underwear is everything 
 when is the EP out ?? Can’t wait to hear this g
You know who they are: the Wannabes. Fame hyenas. Dressed like drones. In it for themselves. And they ALWAYS. PULL. YOU. BACK. DOWN. TO. THEIR. LEVEL. Watch "ROCKSTAR" 
Just like the album, this video is 
Seanie maguire with another goal for Preston !! The man is on fire 
Bucs rookie O.J. Howard has been putting in work this season 
 Aka The skeng man MC Aka one of birmingham finest. Has just drop a new video.... 
You don’t have to be the fastest, the fittest or the strongest to 
13 straight wins for the Celtics 
always go with your passion. go with what is burning deep down in your heart 
 I FEEL SO BLESSED and PROUD 20.000 people went completely BONKERS on my track 
When the tables have nearly SOLD OUT in 1week
Ed Sheeran & Stormzy 
We’re super amped to be hosting 
Side note that New ChellaH  produced by Zaytoven “Look At Me” 
Make It by @pyrex_onsight from tonight's 
You know the tee gifts are 
Party ain't a party until 
Indeed and even the one that wrote the song is SICK!!!
 favorite emoji everrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally recovered from Sunday night, 
Pressure ... Now on Spotify 
Watch Noa Deane in CANDLE. Now playing at: 
 Griffin is the best player in the country 
Sdells X Eaz - Run It Up | OUT NOW. Another banger from them man at 
Is Conor McManus human? 
Hostest with the most…heat! Get started with our Smokin' Hot Cheese Bombs. 
I’m back on E! this morning co-hosting 
If you guys don’t think this Duke/Florida game isn’t a Final 4 preview you are crazy. Dem Gator Boyz are 
H A W K // Massive lines again for 
Check it out  "WILD" by @mastergarzy X 
My dawg don't be playing! 
Watched your highlight video and we are already getting giddy. Our Midfield is going to be 
On site for today’s crimbo Science spectacular with 
Sean Estes is currently lighting it up from 3-point range 
Ndagga / Basic Channel / Rhythm & Sound's Mark Ernestus is joining us this weekend in London... A very special guest, we can't wait.... 
Remember, remember, the fifth of November. 'Cause it's gonna be LIT. 
Want that lovely, warm & snug feeling ? Come on over and enjoy our glorious fire! 
Early Bird Tickets for Sonus Festival 2018 are sold out! 
The long awaited "Transit" is finally here 
Oh wow ... this one's 
Brackets are updated! We will see everyone on Friday for an exciting day of Basketball! 
Hello everyone !From now on you can fin my disco Halal EP here 
CMC$ & CADE - Thinkin’ Bout Myself 
When they seek heat .. 
 All the way up ... feeling the heat already 
still bouncing & vibing from 
 - u10s exciting on the ball , Creativity , Flair and more megs through my legs than I care to mention ! Superb work 
I had a brilliant night at Linton RDC. The weather was cold but the boys turned on the fire in their sessions
I'm really yo favorite rapper
Wild make up that actually survived the show! We danced in some 
Tour starts in 3 weeks 
Keep thinkin my album is done, then I write some more 
WOW! What a STUNNING goal from 
2018 Odyssey burning through turn 5!! 
Talking to promoters is similar to talking to girls.Girl posts 
NEW MUSIC!!!
in the booth! The following is true; 1. sometimes I rap at practice 2.The bowl cut has gone 3. We are performing at the London @tootinstatram this Friday! Do join us!
Pure <3 Kiss? by 
"I wish I had the courage to talk to Emily Janiga in the class I have with her. Absolute SMOKE 
 New music is on the way! 
NEW VIDEO - Listen To This At Your Own Risk… 
GOAL! GOAL! GOAL!He is absolutely unstoppable right now! Albert Adomah opens the scoring 
Testing new track...  
Happy Thanksgiving from the browns!!!! ....... even Charlie Brown 
Oh hey look what’s getting sent to 
Little production vibes with the homie 
Braves CHAMPIONSHIP GAME DAY 
We are igniting the spark at the kickoff camp 
Giving out a bunch of free 'Super 7 Vol7' limited edition bandanas on my Instagram rn!!! Go enter for your chance to win. V.8 drops tmrw !!
Amazing performance from the team against the big ManU. 
SWEEP over Clemson makes it FIVE straight wins for 
Sources tell me it’ll be Muta and 
Overactive imagination: a Great Eagle of Middle Earth flying over Mt. Prevost 
Some like it hot— how 'bout you?Bonus if you can name these spicy snacks 
BTW...  heard some new black thought while in Philly Thursday and again I say TOP 2 DOA....  
Interesting times in Zimbabwe, is it a case of out of the frying pan and into the fire 
 tonight: Sugar Bones from 
The secret to a great sear? The right amount of heat. 
Listen to NELL X RELL - THINK FAST Prod. By WILLY D by N3_LL 
This is it! It's ALL come down to this! 
Tuesdays are so lit, we call the party 
 okay so I just got off work and finally listened to Anarchy and SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT SON 
| TBSS #3 |
Come and find a cosy corner to sup a beer in tonight, we’ve even got the heater on 
Our Flash Sale continues! 
Last show of tour tonight in NYC at Hammerstein Ballroom 
WET: The Wonderful Ego Trip will be released on November 24th, 2017 on all streaming platforms. 
 Hot off the press after he summerbreak: “Dutch Legal Tech Update - Issue 71” 
You are not wrong Nakamoto. 
Tonight is looking like another monster at 
It's been super fast tonight! Helen  
Smoke Purpp & Murda Beatz previewing some new music.. 
Lil man turned on the burners 
SOUND ON! My debut track "Warm" on Flashmob Records is out now on Beatport. 
We got two BRAND NEW colour variants for you! Get them while they're hot 
Tonight's set times 
Don't forget about our festive specials which ends 15 December ladies 
We got the hottest electronic beats
Bonfire night in the UK so we thought we'd share a little bit of Ersties Fire 
I have been grooving since his album drop 
No joke. Three scripts in and all three have been absolute 
 remix of Sad Story is fireeee!!
 Most League One goals (fr. 12/13*):71
Let’s be having you Sheffield, join us on our final show of 2017 along with your very own steelers punk band 
"I stay fresh like I jst coup'd me some new shoes"
CAPE TOWN WE SEE YOU THIS SATURDAY 28 OCTOBER FOR ANOTHER HUGE POP CULTURE 
Watching the American Music Awards thanks to 
Soooo bright and lovely. Repost from 
It's coming soon
This matchup ceremony is getting heated and I’m not sure how much more I can take 
HERE WE GO!
Several individuals joined us in the wrestling room following the dual to check out our updates and improvements! Thank you everyone for your support! 
"You're looking dusty - time for you to ventilate!" 
LocateEmilio - Check (Official Music Video) - YouTubeY'all know what to do
We wondered why the camp fire never goes out during a torrential downpour 
 just listen to that Walk. Gave me chills...
Almost time to get litbird with bitbird!
'We can do whatever we set our minds to do, we all know it, but we forget' 
This is happening TONIGHT! 
It's getting a bit chilly out there so why not pop into Palominos for a hot drink? We'll even stick the fire on for you! 
New blog post: "The Cost Of JavaScript" 
I don't remember my ABC's ever being this lit. 
New Jersey tonight - Richmond tomorrow - Greensboro on Sunday, grab those tickets before they’re gone! 
LA MEET & GREET TOMORROW 
Come and get cosy with us this afternoon
Fantastic 3 points yesterday, no less than what the lads deserved 
Feel It In The Air 2K18 
Berkshire sausage roll with a fried duck egg and brown sauce. Mega brunch dish 
Reignite that flame you once had inside you. 
As I promised, I am going to make a giveaway with a header 
B2B with Dish Dash live now from London 
Talk to me about this line up.... 
6ix9ine x Dj SpinKing TONIGHT @ “LUST” BK 
! Let’s go!
Watching Winky D live is an experience. His energy and stage presence 
Check out our photos for day two of the 
• yoooooo im gassed for this fam, this will blow up more than yo darlin rt 
Great ball movement leads to an open 3 for 
WIN TICKETS TO SEE 
Retweet if you're grilling your turkey over charcoal this year! Be sure to check out our best tips before you fire it up! 
Two days to go! Unbeatable 
We did a artist selection chart for this months 
One picture, three legends
Ain't no Party like A PAPI Party !! 
24 players. 10 with World Cup experience. 4 with 
Thank brotha! RT 
I'm so pumped to wear these! 
It was a fun ride, congrats 
It's GO TIME! 
Yooo!! It's a movie baby 
Here is an important element that could greatly assist to fire 
Nike is something special. Amazing night at 
Massive track alert!! 
Happy womb escape OBO 
Proud to see our last BADASS website is nominated for 
 INSTAGRAM: @ KingDevyne 
That sky cam is so fire! 
Chicken + Waffles coming in hot 
Our 2nds beat mmucnetball2017 50-38 
You don't need your eyes open to feel the heat in 
Lets go......my son... 
Goal rush and match of the day 
I got Return of the Mack on repeat. Idk what this says about me as a person, but idc. These oldies are the jam! 
Just updated my Spotify playlist with new heat from 
don’t ask me what i’m doing from 1 January 2018 though, cos i have no idea 
New episode: we talk about Canada's dying/murdered newspaper industry and the value of apologies with 
Date for your diaries...NYE Reggae Roast party. Catch me on on MIC duties, alongside a massive lineup 
I honestly can't wait
"I DONT FEEL BAD ABOUT IT" 
It’s here!!! Our debut album ‘PYRO’ is finally available and has gone in at #34 on the iTunes rock charts. Lets push this baby to #1!
The money spent incinerating waste is money 
Birmingham City's Cheikh N'Doye has won MORE aerial duels than ANY player from the top leagues in Europe this season. 
Supporters on fire in the stand! 
She Wanna Get It in 
The School of Art & Design at New York State College of Ceramics features an irregular screen of terracotta tubes, which wraps around and transforms the facade into a work of sculpture.Fired Up: 5 Textured Buildings With Terracotta Screens: 
"Developer communities are safe spaces for developers" -LM 2017 
These guys are the future, authentic soul at it’s best 
The guy that made you fall in love with football. 
Corleone Ft C Biz - Nothing To Something | Link Up TV
 Top Deal | 11 Day Royal Treasures of India | $2199 | Save 44% | See the Taj Mahal & Visit Agra, Dheli -
Hahah the vibes!!
Its almost time! This drop is going to be crazy! 
Just relaxing on train on way 2 game and listening to 
Lighting’s dim but the music’s lit 
 NEW: Does your breakfast have something to say? Quite possibly. Coming at you LIVE from 
My favorite mouse is back. The 
 I will make sure to add ur tag to this today 
Listen to Ice Cream Feat Tomi Thomas by Lady Donli 
Best goal I've ever seen !! 
Top team with a top vibe!
I’m good with a great 
's new song sounds like a heater 
All Things Work Together by Lecrae. 
CLIMB THAT LADDER, JEREMY! Hollowell currently has 15 points 
Boomers! Red hot 
JessBays & CJ Sax 
NPA Darius Garland is a proud member of the "Point God Crew" led by super trainer Jamal Richardson. Watch out for him and more elite pgs 
Ask his mom what hurt more, giving birth or burying him? -
Oh god. Steff
Senior mid season highlight! Check it out. 
Let's get lit fam! 
Y'all sleepin on that new banger from 
Doors - 7PMDYKEENIES - 8PMTHE LAFONTAINES - 9:15PM
Tonight's gonna be 
This isn’t a music video, it’s a whole ass movie masterpiece packed into 7 minutes. 
Jordan Howard...WOW 
Fed up and frustrated ladies, I want to help you for free… 
Need a poetry fix? The lovely 
MEDAL WINNERS! Big up Yuki and Olivia for their bronze medal in women's doubles. BOOM 
The pregame intro narrated by Bob Stoops was 
FOLLOW ME ON SPOTIFY! 
 You guys ready to Smash 
Blogger friends! I am sending these proofs out next week. The hottest debut for 2018. Don't miss out. Let me know if you want one 
So much fun! Great meeting you General. Tell your parents they are cool AF. 
Just wrapped up an awesome week in the studio w/ 
 YESSS. Our official _pure_ closure compiler integration is ready for testers. TESTERD NEEDED
Grand soft Irish summer day for little fire project with 
Distro alert! The perfect holiday gift for that special freak in your life... you?  
 "I am the new fighting pride of Liverpool." 
Yeaaa tone!!! 
 Vid out now on youtube!Shout out to my guy 
 GOOD LUCK ALL UOG SPORTING CLUBS IN BUCS WEDNESDAY 
DMX performs some of his classic hits with the SoulRebels in New Orleans 
RIGHT ABOUT NOW ITS ALL ABOUT 
Jacquees, 24 hrs, Khalid, 6Lack etc .. where my R&B at? Should I upload this nu 
3 steps vital steps to help some one with a burn wound 
 TONIGHT!! MEET ME 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% SITEWIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
2017 is a historic year for Polynesian Music Artists 
 These are the latest tools to get your 
"Name a new group that is going this hard" 
The best comedy show in DC is back! 
Thanksgiving Eve at Saucony Creek Brewery + Gastropub is going to be 
Warm yourself up with one of our famous Coast hot chocolates or maybe try a mint or orange one 
Tag someone with an arm and accuracy!! 
Catch us live in Milton Keynes this Friday alongside 
Preview of what’s dropping for a local football team 
Ok you really deserve that vote NOW! 
Who is Ready For Nov 27 
There are less than 300 tickets to go until they sell out 
IRAY MVMT Single "OBA B3N NI" OUT NOW!!! 
Bears win it 5-3 against USC extending their win streak to 11 
This Friday in Niagara is gon be littt 
FULL LINE UP NOW ANNOUNCED 
 NS-2 in Faded Blue gloss 
 My new track ‘Get Over It’ is coming out the 10th of November!!! 
Well done boys. Great result and Tshirts look amazing 
London crew : On NYE you can catch me DJing at 
 - Take You Home is a R&B banger 
**BIG BREAKING NEWS COMING IN** after lengthy discussions We have managed to agree terms with 
 once upon of time I was juggin and scammin I was swipin down at Ruth for the steak and salmon
 I HAVE SOME NEWS 
The Sony Movie Channel has us longing for Christmas movies by the fireside with their new advert featuring 
Thank you Copenhagen! What a night ...rolling 4hrs with 
Always keep the people pumping, 
Got to bring the ol’ jersey out of retirement for the MaxEffort Turkey Combine! Thanks 
Yo!! You can catch me in action tonight on bet new show ‘50 Central’ the show airs 10:30pm/9:30c
when you didn't get in but had the best time ever 
Young T and Bugsey on Let Me 
High rise Hot Pants + yellow laces = 
 Killa' Co Ord 
300 limited edition pairs will be available this weekend at 
Lions magazine issue #14 
 LISTEN: Megga Dillah feat. Acsel & the Reggae Rebel Band and General Trix - 
Bright colors always look 
HALLOWEEN GIVEAWAY: CSGO vs PUBG
Always fun to go B2B w/my friend 
A huge well done to everyone who completed their 
Still buzzing from Qlimax!  This is Sub Zero Project & Ecstatic - Tba
Grateful for the millions of women who’ve stepped up this year to raise more hell. 
Progression is finally here!! 
Creamfields chile, you guys were absolutely insane last night! THANK YOU!! 
JT Daniels and Mater Dei finishes the regular season UNDEFEATED 
Check out Shame's latest video! Tickets go on sale tomorrow at 10 AM 
‘305, take it to da house, boy we got dat fire, take it to da house!’ USF QB’s Quinton Flowers, Brett Kean & Chris Oladokun with the LITTY basketball swag!! 
When 16 tables are SOLD OUT and the tickets are SOLD OUT for tonight 
Can’t resist ... will be my 8th 
It's the last quarter-final of the competition... Who are you rooting for? 
What a win again!!! 
Yo Sin Ti (GUALTIERO Remix) coming up!! 
HBD to my day 1!!! Have the best day, De!!! 
.  Get it done Pine 
 We are still so hyped from Vevolution Festival 2017 this weekend. It was a magical thing to… 
It was great to have the support of superstar 
At Winterville, we’ve got 40 fire pits but bring a bobble hat anyway. 
Our stunning @claydon_mia in our Back of the net bikini now half price add monroe50 at checkout 
Big tune once again bro, killing it
The Realist Showrunner in the game my man Joe...
Sensational day with DELUXE ROCKER leading from pilar to post & making it four wins for the Waterhouse/Bott team 
Virginia Tech continues to have the most lit entrance in college football 
30 minutes in and Neymar's on 
Great work this year, whole team
Need to spice things up? Get your hands on our NEW Buffalo Mary! 
THIS is what it looks like when an arena full of change-makers come together and celebrate each other's light. 
Np - The plug;  
New Tanika video Kingston13 out now 
DECEMBER WE'RE READY FOR YOU! 
A young 24 year old 50 cent spitting some fire before he was famous 
AND SO WE GO 
DJ UNO NICE SOUND SHOW
Massive thank you to everyone that made it down to our show  
And she’s only just getting started 
For those wondering, the inaugural 
 takes out the NZ Guineas double! Savabeel posted his 15th individual Gr.1 winner today when 
'KILL EEEEEEEEEM' - The 
Cold out ay it. No stress. Will be 
Just put up a demo of this brand new 
Filming RAISING THE BAR 6 tmrw w 
I'm catching up on British XFactor. SO intense! It's like watching The Hunger Games!! 
Tomorrow. Ed Reed, DJ Williams, Antrel, Romberg, Peter Ariz, & Brady Quinn. 6:30-8pm at 
We are buzzing to announce that we have added a SOLARDO sessions tent to ABODE in the park festival 
All these pounds around I'm feeling like the 
Are you already following my new spotify playlist? 
Portharcourt be getting wavey this Season
Wonderwall and now Horses - the Adelaide Oval DJ is on fire 
The "Love So Soft" 
Calgary Flames logo, bringing back Wages' Atlanta Flames design 
GIRL YOU HAVE FREAKING BROUGHT TOGETHER DOZENS ON RANDOS IN THE 
 Music Out Now On 
Our Minister of Organization, Mina, reading a beautiful poem about her / her family’s experience 
WAKE UP IT'S GAME DAY
It’s early here in California but already feeling like it’s gonna be 
I need the fastest boots in the game, always. Love this new colour! 
Kyrie cooked the whole team 
BLACKFRIDAY 25% OFF!!
S3 | COFC 20, UM 20 | (1-1)KENNEDY MADISON!!! Her 
SO GOOD TO HAVE LYNETTE IN TOWN 
ATTENTION EVERYONE OUR ANNUAL SUMMER FLING IS ALMOST HERE
Bangalore it's an early one today at 
Perfect Gift For The One You Love.... 
I love this. Iconic artist supporting younger artist! This is why Cher is a fkn legend! 
The latest Southpoint merchandise has arrived. Full catalogue available to pre-order here: 
Standing O after Standing O for 
He really made a banger out of a Naruto sample
TrigganomHot Like the Equator (prod. by Famous Eno) 
Good things come in waves 
New Flo Rida Merch OUT NOW 
Best R&B sound from Nashville I've heard in a good minute. 
Tune in tonight for my funx dance mix from 8pm till 11pm!
Tell sway I got so many answers i can probably bubble in a whole scantron 
A few hot sessions this week. Ready for some racing over the next few weekends! 
Damnation Festival was a blast!See you all again in 2018 Uk 
The BIGGEST and BADDEST in the game 
From P15 to P8!Tomorrow is our final race 
Fantastic performances from our football girls today, you were on fire 
Raging fire strongly symbolizes anger, punishment, and destruction. 
We are so excited to announce 'Dance To The Music' a brand new show for January/February 2018.. Not to be missed 
 Jada Burse recorded the set-point kill, giving her a total of 7 fourth-set kills 
I get it Poppin when it bang/ silencio sound like NADA when it Bang/ Impala hop out Rob him with the thang/ Creflo left the Nigga with a dollar to his name/ 
Another try for the Big Green! Scored by Camille Johnson, assisted by the fierce forwards 
What do you think about ONE MILLION DOLLARS?
5 outta 5! Well done on the goals 
Don't miss #24 hour 
Extremely proud to be involved in this project with 
Yey!! We can’t wait, it’s going to be fabulous 
Omg!!!This aint just a hit
WIN 2 ticks to see 
We'll be open until 4pm today and then late tomorrow for the bonfire in the park 
PLUGGING IN FOR A SHORT 3-4 HOUR STREAM! But you already know it’s gonna be 
Top Juco Point Guard In The Nation
Atlanta, you smart, you loyal, we appreciate you coming out last night to the 
#41 traxsource Tech House Top 100 
Had no idea I was that good at karaoke... was on 
Premiering my composition for bass, voice and electronics with accompanying short film Ex Materia by the wonderful women of Pratt 
That was a difficult but well deserved win. Back to 8 points clear at the top!! 
Not many world leaders could pull this off. But... Wow 
When’s it cold outside you need some 
Today's show was absolute 
Yay, Tuesday just got lit! 
| Tash Bash Raffle Announcement Who’s excited for the raffle tonight 
Why STEM? Watching 
OUR DEBUT EP IS FINALLY HERE!Buy it here: 
Can't wait for tonight at my favourite place in the whole world, 
Getting acquainted with the new Korg, can already thoroughly recommend 
Getting my shit together for another 
One of the best mashup's forever 
Tonight we’re on again @Unruly_Fridays ! Check out our Instagram & Facebook for more info
The Owls' 50 first half points are the most for Temple in a half since dropping 51 in the second half against UConn on February 1, 2017.
The 10 best sneaker photos we dug up on Instagram for this week’s 
This week's Secret Show video is Sooza doing a 
6-7 PG Jordan Starr 
Big ups man like 
Excited to announce that London’s premier party starters 
Hurry people! These auction items 
 DEEP CUTS #12 
Feeling lumbersexual A F in these 
Fifth three of the night for Devaney! 
She Go Like To Dey Follow Go 
Who Else would love to see a 
When you test a mixdown in the car and it's straight 
What a first inning!
Viola Davis freaking deserves an Emmy for that episode 8!
Dropping on my YouTube channel at 7pm 
Featured my new track Don't Stop in this weeks Fanfare! 
Dammmmm my manz on Xbox be handing them L’s 
Yoooooo! My boy 
My Remix of "Crw - Feel Love" doing damage at @ministryofsoundofficial 
I smell Super 7 V.8 on the horizon verrrrrrrry soon.... big announcement thursday... who do you think is on this volume? 
 just dropped a banger...Micofcourse - Hungry (Prod. Alpha Redd) 
I’m just tryna collab with 
Always good to see the homies 
Another fantastic bonfire night 
Love that boys!! 
Dec 19th lineup official
IF YOURE IN PHX GO SEE MY DUDES 
I had one of the best PLC trainings today with such a great team... I am thankful to be a part of 
 scores 111 points in their Victory! This is a very talented program! 
 will GuestMix w/ Mickey Pearce Tonightfeaturing 
This game back in the days 
**READY!? 50% OFF EVERYTHING STOREWIDE!!! GO!!!!**Max Effort’s Black Friday is here!!  Tell your friends, tell your family, tell everyone!Receive 50% off STORE WIDE! This will be an automatic deduction! 
It was a vibeeee. Big up the dons dem 
Parte del trabajo realizado en PR junto a 
AND WE GO IN AND OUT OF LOVE. 
Check out 18,000 fans in Manchester singing 
Always remember—at any moment, it can all go up in flames… 
Excited for this collab where we are making the epic apple pies. Don’t you love the box! See ya… 
Hopsin's album "No Shame" is out now!! Go get that 
December is going to be an amazing month! New month, new happy possibilities! 
Atch - hold it down [net video] out now 
 THE NEW TUNE IS UP  
HUGE CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR WOMENS VOLLEYBALL TEAM FOR REACHING THE STATE FINALS TOMORROW
big one tomorrow night at 
Javier & Letty aka 
We're still thinking about 
FOLLOWING SPREE! TWEET ME PICS UNDER 
Let’s get it on the countdown RT pls for UJU By 
Whirlwind stop-off for the bossman!! 6 hours in Taipei, you guys brought it! 
It’s gonna be 
When the whole squad is looking 
Kinda' can't stop obsessing over the 
Tonight we celebrate 6 years of events and 10 years of 
 and we fancy something SPICY, what would you load up on yours? 
WE CAUGHT A BODY ON THIS ONE!! 
San Francisco last night was amazing! On my way to Denver right now! Temple Denver tonight 
Go pre-order our new album now!  WET: The Wonderful Ego Trip drops November 24th! 
PLS PLS NXT TYM SEND 
 aliyahjonespromotion (get_repost)・・・Weddy weddy nuh good again
  they've done it again!!!!! 
We're excited to announce that 
Quick update! Rami Qasem President and CEO, MENAT & India from Baker Hughes, a GE Company joined our speaker's list! Meet him in Hamburg on April 25-26! Get more information: 
Sorry about the delay for my challenge Sunday’s! They will Be coming soon! In the mean time here!
This is where I'll be on Sunday! Back for another Bank Holiday TURN UP with my 
This QUEEN has an amazing night planned for you! Great cast, great film, great line up! It's one you don't want to miss! Get your tickets now now nowwwww!
"Heaven & earth" Hope you've enjoyed our Ep10 fam 
Aye cuhh tht Perky King goin in 
On July 1 @ 4:30 there will be a silent parade from Casa das Beiras to Earlscourt Park for the victims of the 
11 songs you need in your life this week, featuring 
Episode 7 up and it's LITS 
Congrats to the following players for being selected to the 
If you missed the final episode of 
Can’t wait to be back!!! Check out 2018 tour dates!!! 
no one understands the vibes last night at 
Let's check on Doug McDermott...Yep still 
Oiii!!! This round is mad! 
Fire is lit! Come on in and warm up.
A very special fixture indeed. 
Qulinez Radio Show - 03 is OUT NOW! 
Mob Squad was out today! 
Looking forward to House Of Silk Bonfire 
But seriously... we're cooking up some fun GIFs for you this season. 
This Weeks’s Money$hot is 
Only built 4 a Cuban Linx... pt.2 Still 
Get down da down down!! 
One of the greatest vocalist in mzansi. 
Any gamers in the house? Are you a multiple high score smasher? Come see what you can do on these puppies! 
UKG Crew! Uploaded our Old Skool vs New School UK Garage mix to the 
We’re back TONIGHT with a hot new 
[Up Next] 
“Not talkin bout no 02 maserati’s, im talkin bout a 2016 GLE Coupe” 
Get hype! Last night we shot our intro video and it's going to be 
Check out my newest release with the homie 
Headie One - Golden Boot (Prod by. MkThePlug x M1OnTheBeat) [Music Video... 
Only 4 logo Red Sonja Comic books left!!! Order here: 
LOS ANGELES COME HANG TOMORROW 
Great show last night 
THE MOST ETHNIC THANKSGIVING EVER ON THE UNTITLED ACTION BRONSON SHOW 
Choo choo, on the train to 
Talk about beautiful day in the neighborhood!! 
Summer may be over, but the carnival still continues, as 
It's gonna be LIT
Cattle call day 2.  
So there’s a brand new 2LP from Equiknoxx, out right now. Their debut album proper in fact. Limited vinyl…!!!! 
 Rum Nitty vs DNA was 
Forbes uses Workbox for caching their front-end assets on Forbes Poland: 
 tonight!!! Episode should have been called ‘KARMA’. Tune in tonight 
100 knee pounds.100 ankle pounds.50 inside outs.50 side-to-sides.0:59 seconds.
With one of the widest genre spans known to the (radio)world, 
More and More Memorable Times w/ 
Two new rich Keeved desert ciders from the excellent 
Dami glamorizes the Red Carpet. Wearing 
Top travelling support again tonight! Thank you all. Another 
We've got the sauce. No ketchup, just sauce. HOT sauce.Our Wild Bunch 8pk is FULL of hot sauces from around the world - perfect for setting your tastebuds on fire! 
#1 in the App Store for the past 2 weeks, 
 ROOM 2 NEXT SATURDAY 
Darwen’s biggest Bonfire is ready for tonight! 
We agree 100% 
It’s 8 a.m. and I
My homie Dwayne JuBee Webb comin in big on Marvel Years latest. 
blown away (quake pun intended) by the 
I wouldnt do that-hopsin absolute fireeeee
My new album SAVAGE is available for Pre-order now 
Can't wait to get back behind the decks tonight at 
Here's the full pic of these gorgeous ladies. 
More super duper fun Hell Week craziness - HELLOWEEN TRICK or TREAT workout!
Right when I posted this on the GRAM, we got a $250 gift. TY to everyone who made the decision to invest in our girls. In an ideal world, we wouldn’t need to exist or ask for money. But that’s okay. The plans for the girls this year are 
FRESH CANS! Our DIPA Dig My Earth is back. Brewed w/ 
We're BACK like we never left! 
Dont sleep on Jaden Smith's album. Production is 
Dil se re with Mitesh from the top 18 of 
Beyond excited to announce Year of the Dog won #1 overall Grand Prize for the Tasting Division at this year’s Scovie Awards in NM! 
New canning line! 
YoungMarT2F - Struggle Life (Official Music Video) 
So great, he has an amazing spirit and story, and his audience is truly there to listen and experience what he's offering. I'm thankful! 
We'd love you to have a listen and leave a review for our new Scale Up podcast. Get it on iTunes here 
Mad proud of my lil bro 
President Trump & the GOP are forking over even MORE money to the richest Americans -- while upending Medicare & Social Security. The 
LIKE this Tweet if you are part of the 250,000 WYNNING TEAM
NFL for today is up! I'm pumped for football today.. ready to make some $$$!
Rolling on da Queen K and then into the Energy Lab 
Girl’s got skillz!! 
Hooray! Great pics 
Guys and Dolls Trailer! 
Just been to watch the birthday boy and non league 
Didn't know how much I needed the 
JOGA TV used to be incredible! 
Tomorrow ziyawa at the rusty summer fiesta!! we're going to be there so Do not miss it!! Its going to be a littty
My new track is out TODAY!! Shout to those supporting and grabbing their copy!! 
The One Man Show 
Spice up your night at House of Blues Restaurant & Bar with one of our house favorites: Voodoo Shrimp! Enjoy scrumptious sautéed jumbo shrimp, simmered in a beer reduction on top of warm jalapeño cornbread with a side of free live music from Robin Henkel at 7PM. 
Terminal Tip: Use curly brackets to speed up the creation of multiple files with similar names:
Riot in the club last night!! 
Writing this as I listen and I'm full of hot takes, BEST song I've heard so far in 2017, so groovy, so tender 
Mic Righteous - Acne (AJ Tracey Send) 
Star Wars actor Riz Ahmed spits 
Warm, Hot, En Fuego
 Bro you spazzed on production for this ZTM 
Go to our website to see when and where the upcoming tryouts will be for the 2018 
The love I got for the 
Flipping out of this weekend and into the next like 
Great review of my latest single by 
Legends ‘16 alum 
 Hot Chicken Waffles! 
Adding some warmth to the morning by releasing the 
It's tomorrow! Make sure you grab your free tix for Metropolis Rising at the legendary 
Lets talk about that spitting...Cyhi kills 
Hello Twitter its been a whileWe have been so busyCatch our next two events Curse of the Castle & One Big Nye 
Chad's west coast tour starts tomorrow!! First stop 
Looking forward Scotland!
Yo is it just me, or does Beethoven - Symphony No. 5 low key slap
Get your Christmas list ready. 
ENOUGH TALKING! JUST WORK!
EPIC MATCH! New highlights: Maze vs Robinot! Enjoy! 
!!! Big TY's to 
 Sending out HUGE Congrats to our clients 
Masked Kyrie putting on a show:25 PTS (9/10FG 
"You done fucked up my denim with all this make up, girl you fucked up my pillows with all your make up" Jacquees KILLS this freestyle 
Russell Westbrook's best dunks 
Double Tiger on the move this weekend! Looking forward to seeing you all 
FREE DOWNLOAD!! Tristan and Ace Ventura by Yoni Oshrat- BLAZE THE FIRE 
MEGAN THEE STALLION IS HERE! 
Drop it like it's hot! 
Gather round the bonfire, children. The nights are getting chilly… 
NEWS! We are doing a takeover of the Bandstand Stage 
My Klingon heart hears the call of 
Thank you to lovellrugby for sending across my 
If you like to see things set on fire, the Alchemist might be for you... Coming soon to Nottingham 
bars lol... when your son has homework and needs motivation hahahah... 
The official video for ‘One Million Dollars' is live NOW on Spinnin' TV: 
 coming in clutch with this rockstar re crank rn 
YO TWITTER !!!!!!!! RT/Fav if you want me to drop dis 
100 followers in 6 minsRetweet fast don't miss out 
 Ready To Take Out Magomedov: ‘I’ve Got A Sneaky Move Up My Sleeve’ 
Thanks to all the sponsors of the last meetup, the next one will be awesome! Jul 22nd. 
All roads lead to Icon this Saturday I'm going in squad deepLooking like we caught licks and all
GET YOUR CLAWS OUT! Shop our 
GO SHARE THAT SHIT ME AND 
Announcement on December 1st has got us excited and a little nervous at the same time.We might even bring it forward, stay tuned!!!
Pure vibes every time 
She just can't stop winning at the moment! 
The COUNTDOWN IS ON!! Only 4 days until
Northern Ireland's welcome home... 
Ncfc Goals today came courtesy off POM Chelsea Garrett with a hat trick
Surprise! I'm still doing comedy and tonight I'm on Set List at 
Today has been full of fiery jobs 
New track went live over the weekend on 
 ShuuuuuuuuuuCheck my boy new music vid
THE FIRE CONTINUES TO BURN - 
 the real question is how BOOSIE kept the fade tight for 20 + years 
Our favorite part of every Tuesday night. 
Came Up With The Dopest Song Today! New 
Good luck to our Scotland u19s today kick off their European Championships  today
Can't wait to see the 
Welcome to SA intl whisky folk! Looking fwd to dramming with you all at 
We've got some FUEGO shooters in Rank S, and this week they brought THE HEAT! 
These shows just keep getting better and better !!! Come see us wild out 
Possibly the best live act I've seen 
The whole baccwards feeling album 
Snotty Nose Rez Kids are coming to Toronto for the first time for a 
If you're after some mallowy treats and festive fun we're popping up all over the place!Come see us in London, Edinburgh, Birmingham, Leeds, Manchester, Sussex and Oxfordshire this winter 
Barcelona​ were unstoppable in the 2015 final 
Today feels kind of special to me! It's the first release of my own label inharmony Music!! Andrew Rayel - Mass Effect 
Pretty comfortable scoring set up here at 
2nd December 2017 it's happening 
Welcome to be club bro. 
 Hot off the press: “Revue is one of the 
So many men, so little time! 
damn ESPN already dropped the FSU-UF hype video 
our next release !! Thank you God 
Please Vote For Sexy
London bound tomorrow to cook with 
Flips, whips and tricks starting in 10 mins outside in the stunt area 
Nah cuz this deserves a grammy 
It's a party it's a party 
Listen to this amazing song my guy 
Had so much fun performing at the 
Kohli and 100s this series is like the sunrise and the sunset - inevitable.
'Bones' music video is out NOW 
Heavy K x Bucie best duo to come out of SA House Music 
Jammin in china town to A$AP FERG 
Just heard Track 8 (Mix 1) on 
 TONIGHT! Go WATCH this beautifully directed film by 
Make sure to grab your tickets 
Derby's number 1 grime MC, Eyez, drops football freestyle ahead of this weekend's derby
Enter NOW for a chance to win an exclusive pregame meet and greet with us presented by 
Mask off! The Furykaze by 
“ Gotta get in a better position ”- 
Laser-sharp descriptions and perfect pacing. 
Black Friday is coming. Skip the mall & queues. Register your card for online shopping on the app
Logan enjoying his first wrestling match!  Way to go 
"I can't but we can"
The temperature is dropping but the racing is only getting hotter
TONIGHT! BIGGESTPARTYNIGHTOF THE YEAR! Calls for the biggest tweet... join me and 
This big man CAN DANCE!! 
 We've also introduced an Opacity Control in Webchat, just in case it gets too lit.
Going to be ONE HELL OF A TOUR!
The band and I are looking forward to seeing you soon Australia x 
They've done it! 
Finished off a 4-game homestand today with a 4th win! 
Philly, let’s go see 
The 97 has taken over for the LehighU Snapchat account on your favorite day of classes: ECO FLAME! 
Big Shaq hits the big time.He's just dropped the official music video for 'Man's Not Hot'!
What a lovely evening we had last night, did you have a good bonfire night? 
On the 3rd of March I will make my debut at 
I swear it's not fun & games 
No hard work goes unnoticed. 
Had the best weekend with my girl! 
Guess who with one check raised a fifth of our goal 
Here's a longer snippet of the new Drake track, big up 
Let’s gooo!! 
If you can't vibe to 
As promised...We can't wait to see you this season! 
My Remix of "Crw - Feel Love" doing damage at 
 grey hair, grey matter, golden age 
The turn and pass from Wilshere 
It's BACK, BIGGER, & BETTER !!!We invite you to the 3rd Annual 
Tearing up the track right now is the women's flying lap, some relentless efforts on display tonight 
Too much fire, oiiiiii 
  25% OFF Tomorrow 9am  
 GIGS IN BRIGHTON! 
Just another reason to look forward to the weekend. RETWEET if you want a pair 
Young Buck’s project ‘10 Street Commandments’ is out now! 
In Search of Self Evidence is the best, and I would argue first, melodic hardcore album since 2010. 
These what I'm rocking this season 
LIVE YOUTUBE A 10H 
 New single dropping today (prod 
Happy Birthday Penny Hardaway 
Guess what my boy is getting for Christmas 
These are the 3 people left deciding the fate of the internet. We only have to convince ONE of them flip to a NO vote to save 
Aye cops can't stop the turn up!!! Big up to 
 all the way from nelspruit lekazi 2 
She came. She scored. She Ronaldo’d... 
Seedorf has still got it.. 
Day 2 Junior Country Clubs: The competition has been 
 NRFL Awards race heats up 
Thousand Oaks helmets. 
So, let's kick off this weekend with a good vibe. Get ready, it's gonna be a long hot Chez X Summer 
I don’t watch TV but when I do....... has something to do with Chicago 
Warriors unveil 2017 championship rings 
I don’t look it but I’m actually buzzing my tits off.... session time with 
Check out our latest ep. 'Signature Research', ft. the genius of 
In today’s edition of the Surrey Ad, my report on Surrey’s convincing win against Manchester last week - featuring a lights out shooting display from 
Weekend mission #1 : Friday in London IllumiNaughty 
Another starred review for WHICHWOOD! 
A peek of The Hilyard 
19: GOAL!Pat's 0-2 Cork.Kieran Sadlier with one of the goals of the season! 
HOT LESBIAN ACTION!
CAPE TOWN LETS DO IT AGAIN! HOUSE OF AFRIKATHE BEST OF HOUSE, HIPHOP & RNB UNDER ONE ROOF  
Coming up on OTH: Reed, DJ, Quinn, Romberg, Antrel, & Peter talk Miami vs Notre Dame 
These pics I took of 
I've got some proper lovely HipHop for tomorrow at 
Yeehhhhhhhh not bad, not bad at all 
Cot dayumn, that new 
Check out this cool interview with my bro Kelvin 373 over on Junglist Network 
“Mellow Mermaids and Malibu” by 
Are your graphic design and illustration skills 
You’re right. Cleveland is 
7 MORE DAYS UNTIL ANOTHER HUGE POP CULTURE 
That is the best I’ve ever seen Stevenage play in recent memory 
 Hot off the press: “
Shout to all the ravers last night 
I just had the best night of my life 
“November” is on the streets
BIG shouts out to the homie Rob Bingham over at 
Bournemouth That was a vibes big shout out to 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
Super hyped for my first time in 
I literally never wear caps but this piece of merch is 
Preview of <link rel="serviceworker"> in Chrome. Installs a Service Worker declaratively in a document 
Let's turn up the heat a little, shall we?! 
So proud of @KemeysVFX for working day & night on his passion project. It's so beautiful & so kemeys 
After a total sell out for 2017, 
Are you guys ready ? 
Riff 3x - Right Now’ by SremmLife Crew on 
Ioakeimidis follows with another from deep 
21 Savage, Offset, & Metro Boomin are dropping their surprise album "Without Warning" at midnight 
A new favorite: Jazzpah - Red Dress by Hybrid Trap 
NYC tomorrow gonna be a movie 
This week’s VIP Blackjack Tournament is on 
BONFIRE IS THIS FRIDAY
Andrew Rayel - Mass Effect!
Is Nov 20 in your diary? Our Sync Conference returns with 
It was also 10 dicks hot 
Auburn student section Swag Surf so lit 
LET’S GO GAME 1/6 IS OURS!!! 
I NEVER DOUBTED YOU 
Boys were an absolute joke today!! Bring on the 2nd round!! 
"Insert Title Here" - 
That is ridiculous! Behave, 
LEEDS I’M IN YOU! 
Nijmegen was live last night.  New mix downs sounding 
Doing a GIVE AWAY 8 WINNERS!!! 
"Done went to Africa, talked to the have-nots.Donated some uniforms, teach 'em how to have Guap"
How I'm going to be this Friday at 
I thought the concept was amazing but the execution was even better last night. One of the best events I've witnessed. Sorry lads but 
NYC, Thursday, Nov 16! I’m doing an hour at the 
This one with Paranoid London and Peace Division’s Justin Drake is not to be missed !! Drop me a message for paper tickets 
I wish there were more bars on Soul Food 
Tonight in NYC! We are 
Light up the club this Weekend! 
Skeng in the ride you don’t wanna get burst 
Our limited edition collab with LA Dodgers is still available exclusively here: 
Today's second work, 
'Only U' is now available on all streaming services!
A little more of what's coming this friday! 
Sitting in LA traffic. Could use some 
Enjoy your nights viewing ..... time to reveal the video 
THIS WEEK: double 
Mutton Shawarma Kati Roll 
He's absolutely shredded! 
Joe Stone is bringing the heat in tomorrows guestmix 
Stage preview for Saturday night at 
Artist to watch! Sister is 
Shout out to all my headbangers! Wow what a show! Seattle/Tacoma was 
 at Soho this Friday! Mad Fuego ting 
Parcour Part 2!!
Hit ‘em with some Dark Divine 
The first artist announcement of 
New Student Government T-shirt’s are 
Very excited to make my debut at 
The big juicy double dry-hopped double mango lassi IPA everyone's been waiting for 
That 9-1 MOOD. 
Amazing vibes at 134 Oxford street! 
We got another big time performance from 
ready for the dP Championship's second odc ?? 
Fabio LIVE is back, and these tickets will sell out quickly !!! Grab your ticket today, and I'll see you on December 17 at 
ya boi here back with a new 1 hour mix of all the house bangerz and techno beatz 
Need beats fw my bro 
New playlist adds from our first lady 
 the video "Rap Niggas" in 
‘Gone Is The Night’ van 
Retweeted Inspiration FM 100.5 (
MY NEW SONG SASHA IS AVAILABLE EVERYWHERE! IF YOU IN THE CAR GRAB THE AUX CHORD
'Super 7 Volume 8' is LIVE 
Have a listen to ”Tell Me That You Love Me” by 
Kevin De Bruyne was so good today, Paul Merson clapped him off on Soccer Saturday!
WILD LIFE-THE FINAL DC-10 TONIGHT!! 
Kodak Black On some different shit ..... 
THE TAX BILL: By 2027, families making under $50,000 would pay a combined $5.3 billion MORE in taxes, while millionaires would get a $5.8 billion CUT. They’re literally pickpocketing the poor to help the rich! Call your senator before it’s too late! 
Go and get the new colophonfoundry 
LA folks: Enter TODAY to win a free all-access pass to the 
Her stylist deserves an award. She still looks her age but badass
And then there was FIIIIIRE!!!! 
Whipped up some Chicken Katsu w/ Mac Salad, white rice & some homemade Katsu sauce! 
Wanna get swanky? There you go! Our newest EP Get Swanky is OUT NOW! Check this out!
 FIRST OF MANY. 
Great performance from the lads beating Costa Rica 2-1. Get uppp quarters next 
Check a sneak peak of 'Miramar' one of the two new Universal Solution tunes that are out this Friday! 
I got to marry this smokin’ hot babe.  That’s the only win that really matters.  Love you, 
Southern Hospitality parties > other shit going on in London ...This Saturday night
Just been sent a rocking new track idea from Jose Nunez for our next collab! 
Inna bit !!!! 
  -  GOAT 2.0 Feat. waleOUT NOW!!! 
SOOOOOO CLOSE TO 4Milli 
With their season ending, I want to call out what an awesome addition 
First time behind the camera for 
Sriracha Pretzel Nuggets + 
Check Me Out.. "Still Think I'm Nothing" FT 
 students find us today at the student centre with 
Mondays Mexican Madness.
What a week! From our lecture with Shane Ortega, Scotty's Birthday, our R'Pantry Drive, to our spectacular Bonfire 
Yes Yes London! 
The Five Four x Nick Wooster collaboration is pure 
Working around the clock to make this happen, get ready for some rough sounds and crossfade wars with 
JavaScript Essentials you should know! RT so that beginner sees this! 
Need cheap and clean graphics ? DM me now 
JAM THIEVES - AFTER BLAST EPComing soon 
You know who’s Gangsta enough to rock a 
 new album is Great nun but 
Rajon Rondo threw an alley-oop off his head to Eric Bledsoe at the Kentucky Alumni game. 
Ready to start the Halloween celebrations! Playing all the fire at 
 I can’t wait to hear the new 
Listen to Situation (feat. Roshon) by stilltech 
Guv - in the zone vol 3 ..... fuuuuuccckkk offfffffffff
M O T O R S P O R T DEBUTs AT #14 HOT 100
Still can't get over how good 
Come learn this TOMORROW!MONDAY5PM
: One word for the new 
Young Uncle Phill!!!! Happy birthday to my brother!!!!
2017 TOP TEAM TRIESThey score some 
Check my "where we go" Edit of 
WOK - A$AP ROCKY // CAMP FLOG  GNAW 
I have 20 Terabytes of footage over the past 6 years, minus about 2 Terabytes of footage i had to trash because i was broke and couldnt get a hard drive. I been in the streets. Ask around 
Black Friday Offer from November 24rd to 27th 
 "College" by Cyph on 
Meet Sam Jin, a Scorpio who can out rap you 
Playing this mad one tonight! 
You got my heart!! I'm bumping these right now 
Check out my Junior season highlights!!S/o 
THIS DECEMBER I’m playing 
Listening to THEY. - Truth Be Told (ye. remix) on 
*THE* Friday night soundtrack from 
Snacks on Snacks on Snacks. Got pretzels? Got our Prepared Mustard? Just get to dipping, and you're DONE! 
2fried pasture raised eggs with roasted turkey, onion, parmesan & avocado. Don't forget the 
this little kid just did the best A - Z / 1-10 challenge omg snsksksk 
 IN THE PIT OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO 
Carlos Francisco returns to MoBlack Records with "Quasar" a killer track sets to make some 
This is the Akwa Ibom woman's weapon of choice when she makes up her mind that your soul is hers. Trust me, you are helpless under the spell of this 
Belly Squad x Section Boyz - Sun Goes Down 
Sorry for silence today. Partly sadness for untimely passing of 
Lighting up the track!!! 
Some new club heat dropping next month 
Sexy eyes and great cleavage. Yeah 
TRAINING CAMP: DAY 5
Sold out show in Budapest last night with 
So hot right now. 
Ooohhhhh WE comin’ for you TOMORROW!!!! 
"Witches and Wizards in a future America who are hunted by a corrupt government!"
Alot noise coming your way 
More fire added for Boxing Day 
Use promo code HORNETS95 to get 50% off 
Have you signed up on the site yet? 
Meat and potatoes kind of night 
Drake - God's Plan (Extended Snippet) 
ICYMI: NEW MUSIC added to NXTSTYLE 100 ft. 
IT’S ON NOW!!
No better way to end the night than getting Black Friday merch in the mail...
Holy mother of god!!! The 
In 7 days, the heat is turning ALL the way up! 
 Just announced! Read all about the Creative Edinburgh Awards 2017 shortlist
Timberwolf!! Wow! On 
If you know me you know I’m ALWAYS supporting 
What did you get up to at lunchtime? No protein shakes here. Just sweat and determination with a 
TW ZOMBA GIVEAWAY (PCC)(Got 2 Pairs don’t need both)FOLLOW+RT+LIKE TO ENTER!WINNER ANNOUNCED 1/12/17!
It's time for that Midweek Heat again! This week we've selected tracks from 
That's All Folks!Which team will 
Pomp pomp tha music, too much of a banger 
25 sports pictures you may have missed, but NEED to see. 
the show last night was amazing. Loved every minute of it 
His craft BEEN mastered 
NO FUCKING GASS THIS IS ONE OF THE HARDEST EPS OUT RIGHT NOW !!!!! 
I wasn't really feeling the pro tools line but the rest is fire
Here are a few more from the firefighters visit today! 
"When Things Go Wrong, Its Not What You Have That Matter's But What You Have Left" 
RAY BARNES CENTRAL FLORIDA COMMIT 
All sessions were absolutely buzzing tonight
Should we release the merchandise today instead of Friday? 
 sitzprobe today! Those with tickets are in for a treat. Orchestra is ON IT 
25 years ago today we released FIRE! , Our 4th single ... woooo ...happy fukin birthday to us ..
Breaking bread to celebrate our newest (and tastiest) client 
My first full vegan dish im happy with. Burnt aubergine, oak fired Cornish mids, heritage tomato salsa roja, cumin walnut and pumpkin seed crumb. 
no more words needed! Saturdays line up is lit 
Only 3 weeks left before we head to 
16 tickets left!
 The Champ cjgetbig back at the 
Out here in China for the first time 
« What is civilization? It’s a woman free to live as she wants! » SHANTARAM. 
GIVEAWAYS!!! 
 Tip: The girls are back in town. Prepare for your group chat to be lit 
Super excited about my headline show 
The reggae edition today on 
New Money Honey and Rushing Fall. Back-to-back 
Two hours to go 'til we're back on 
NEW MUSIC, OUT NEXT WEEK!
Remember, remember the 5th of November... Happy Bonfire Night from everybody here at Cornerstone. 
Here are some of the best tries from the weekend's 
Check out the new Thermal Case! Change the colors with heat
It's time to treat yo' self, girls! 30% off at 
Full schedule for today's takeover on 
 are on FIRE right now (and always). A pleasure to host them in Newcastle! 
Technimatic (Shogun Audio-London, UK)
 'Pop Dem Bottles' hands down one of my favourite tracks ATM. Goes off everytime in the club! 
The Walls Group new Album 
How does this rank in the all-time top 
The Supreme and Best Fetishdiva! I Love to See Your Hot and Sexy Body!  
You never disappoint. Love the new track, bringing the weekend in right! 
Brisbane tonight w the dons 
Unfortunately my studio has been taken down... but... a new studio will be built soon and can’t wait to share it!!! 
It's December, so we're turning up the thermostat to 360 degrees of no-scope hotness. 
That's What I mean! 
 ELA Chair pitches a powerful concept at 
 PUBG Grind The Dragonball FighterZ Practice! 
This replay shows how difficult this chance really was. World class finish from Mané 
FOOK YEAH LADS!  
We’ve got loads of great tracks on tonight’s show, including 
Nothing and no one inspires like Tunchai Redvers does 
The issue of gender came up again... 
Who’s coming to our Tumble Class tonight? 
Watch More Videos, Subscribe For More Content
Grab a last minute chance to see Kasabian - great tickets at great prices! 
Coffee + Hot Chocolate = 
Chopsticks or fork? With our Tibetan 
lost my head when this came on last night 
ICYMI | Tyson Carter was on 
Love Me In The Dark 
Now those are three hot dogs. 
Well this looks like a match made in hell 
 releases new documentary 'Above Ground Level'. More information: 
Jaw dropping catch by Robby Anderson. Just too good. First TD catch of the game, but fifth game in a row Robby's had a TD catch. 
Its a lunch kinda ting..
The 11:FS Team got their $100,000 session with 
C'mon by Akin watch now.
Go check out our Merch store 
Can't wait for tonight. Heading to 
....Mami nga kungumfwisha Jealous na new catch pa last ukaba e'hule. 
Larry Keeler himself taking us all to jamtown at 
I'll just say it. Anything 
NEW SHOW!! 
Arizona commit Alex Barcello's (Corona del Sol) ball-handling skills are 
 I follow a Subject like the Predicate omfg
*** NEW RELEASE ***Its here guys! Enjoy "Valedictorian" on Spotify, Apple Music, YouTube & more 
All I had was all the rap niggas in the hood tryna come up 
THANK YOU to everyone who has donated wood to rebuild our bonfire. We can confirm we will now have a bonfire on Friday! See you there? 
 hitting .700 in Set 2. 
I know u all r probably tired of seeing my hooping videos but mostly posting becuz of my door rebound and this 
Amber Heard looking #
NEW VIDEO IS LIVE! 
 How many new IDs did you play last night at 
 Today at 5:30pm est GTS SOLID STEEL SERIES continues with the REVEAL of the “King” of 
042 Cathedral shutdown is today 
Mic Drop (Remix) is coming 
Start your weekend off right by reading all about our Oatkan Knights!Checkout the Weekly Update:
"Ok, I don't really, really wanna fight anymoreI don't really, really wanna fake it no more" 
NEW MUSIC ALERT! 
 NEW COMPILATION: Kitsuné Afterwork, Vol. 1 
Come hang with me this weekend at the Bayfront Park Promenade for 
Don't miss the amazing work 
I am speechless after that dance choreo for 
Not yet!! Morata Class tho. I told everyone about Salah last season. He was on 
Just wrapped up a solid two weeks In this bus with a bunch of amazing people. So grateful! 
Get your best 'fits off with this IG ready checklist for holiday travel 
TONIGHT is the night! Come out to 
Mckenna Stone QUALIFIES FOR the A FINAL in 100 free!! 
 home opener tomorrow night in Bearcat Arena!! Join the party and help me welcome them back!! 
Definitely will be copping some more FG gear this year! Go peep the firrreeeeee 
We can't wait for January & February!! 
The Write Podcast, E23: Content Marketing Yesterday & Today with 
DMX performs some of his classic hits with the 
Gift what's COZY. 
That dude that killed Central last year D Swift is on national TV doing it in the SEC as a true freshmen.     Damn 
LAST NIGHT WAS LIT 
Come in from the cold and join us in our cosy Brasserie! 
Buzzing to be back at Deepdale tomorrow and looking forward to wearing the new kit! 
These early sunsets are showing off alreadyyyy!! 
Who's a fan of fire bars? Check out our pick of the top lyricists performing their poetry very soon 
 that Sinatra 3 is Gonna be 
Okay I don't know how many times I have been listening to this song but its a banger 
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City map 
Money by Adekunle Gold is a masterpiece honestly. 
Nice meeting you Sam. Great jacket. 
New DNA Apparel Out Now Perfect Match For All The New Jordan’s 
"I got the sauce...no ketchup...just sauce...raw sauce" 
Now playing LMIMP ~ 
Massive thanks to everyone who came to our Halloween Party last night! Costumes were on point! 
Who's coming to party with us? 
"WHY DO FATHERS TEACH THEIR SON TRAP MUSIC"..FATHER AND SON-MC NURSERY | TRAP RHYMES Caprice Coleman and Son Drops BARS FOR THE WORLD TO HEAR! SHARE SHARE  
London was the last destination of this mini EU tour. Thank you so much to all who came out… 
Even after six months, the winning entry of this custom A2000 1787 is still 
If anyone tries to tell you "guitar music is dead" again, just make 'em listen to 
 Ideal for smaller groups to join the full blown Christmas party experience! 
Funny how I woke up at 5 craving Reeky's Problem. That jam is litttttttt
We recently had the opportunity to speak to one of our all-time favourites, man like 
City Shawn dropped an EP called Work For It and this shit fucking Ryu hadouken fire worth my niggas 
One of my favorite tunes rn. 
What happens when you put accelerant on a bonfire 
Are you ready for our next outing 
50 RT’sOfficial 2017 highlight video.
Continuing on the fitness theme, trying to learn this bad boy ready for the launch this weekend. 
Making fires & cooking bannock 
Spent my project time last night making Winamp2-js support skin-defined transparent regions. 
WOW! New York Hero breaks his maiden in style with 
J hus tour bus is levels 
We stole King George from 
Big boss selection from the big boss man 
Warming up with some rack pulls before the real workout starts 
Lmao what a life. So 
Gonna start tuning in more. This is 
Good Morning , Check Out the Brand New 
Sarre fans Da Dillon thanks Ji 2 din ch 
12 months, 12 editions later 
Mo's the man. 
Eptic b2b nyquil b2b honey tea 
Developing Real-time Apps with Meteor 
 Heard A Man Say - Don E 
OUR VIDEOS BE TOO LIT!
This darts final! 
This is @Eluidkipchoge's record in marathons 
This new Chris Brown “tempo” produced by my guy 
Spent the day in the studio finishing up our album. Can't wait to drop 
Three more points for us! 
Work in progress MSI HB SLI bridge 
“Storms are real and storms come, but not even storms cannot prevent the purposes of God!” 
Montreal I love you never change but now on my way to Chicago for AAW to take on ACH this is gonna be fire 
Stunning views at Lytham St Annes last night 
VIDEO: TOP 5 FASTEST WOMEN OF ALL TIME
Have to say, this amount of 
What a night I've had! 
That Hamilton soundtrack though!!!
Home favourite Shunyan Hak is looking for a low number today with 2017 
Gotta eat my Sandy Eggos in the morning 
Case is playing out of his mind! 
Un deseo que nunca se apaga...
In solidarity with the 2000+ (and growing) force of art workers at 
previewed some new music last night 
IFA U17’s defeat Nomads 3-0 in game one of the 
As a former sports teacher converted web developer, I agree so much with all that is being said on the last episode of 
There’s magic happening with these amazing minds. More 
Yess!!  selenagomez for 
LET'S GOOO MIAMI!!!! LETS GO CANES LETS GO CANES!!! Canes fans, tune into 
Looking forward to the studio session with Shermanology this friday 
 ME x Nick Cannon x Conceited x Hitman Holla "Flava In Ya Ear" Remix!!! On 
Some of our attacks from this weekend's 
Boring level par 72 today to stay on 3under! Need to start dropping the putts over the next couple of days 
Amazing night at Temple Denver! 
I'm just a young gun
2018 is gonna be a great freaking year! 
HAPPY BELATED BDAY TO MY LIL BRO 
Come on Belgium !! 
‘Gamberi alla griglia’ Prawns in their Shell, cooked  on the chargrill 
Bristol people (and beyond), come join us on the 30th Nov 
Get tickets now before they sell out cause this lineup is straight 
DAY 2 of my 2017 Holiday Tech Gift Guide is LIVE 
Remixes for my song 'Young Hearts' drop tomorrow on 
Awesome random Spin!!Good luck 
You already know why we're here! At least you should. This is our biggest issue yet full of fresh features! Cover girl 
No,  this is not an abroad show or concert.  This is the crowd at 
Emma from Helensburgh CC smashing the sweep shot yesterday at the Glasgow Girls Session! 
Is there any crazier way to score your first two career TDs than 
A fiery Full Secs from our talented intern Stew Harvey 
If you hear Steel Banglez at the beginning of the song you might as well add it to your library cause it’s always gunna bang 
M1 RESULT: Heriot-Watt 7-1 Dundee. (S.Ewing, J.Cochrane (ps), N.Tennant, P.Kahl 2, P.McDonnell, McTaggart) 
THANK YOU EDC ORLANDO !! 
It’s crunch time & things are heating up! 
, I'll be playing a day show (which means special day vibe set) at 
HUGE thank you to Steph Nieuwenhuys for spinning our single 'Glowing' last night on 
Looking forward to playing tonight! 
Enjoy great service & a fire 
Aronofsky subtweeting like 80% of what I watched this year 
Son on song. Tottenham on fire. 
Remember, remember... 
Gonna smash this out live tonight, but which mix to play, all so
Whole album... can’t wait for the live show in Vancouver.... 
If you're like us & can't get enough of 
 1 Leeds United 0Barry Douglas 
Holy shit album is looking 
Jeeeeeez, last night was f-cking nuts..lol. Me, 
Let me tell y’all... 
15 hours from home and this song doesn't release to radio untill tomorrow but South Dakota is still singing back!!! I love you guys 
Another massive week lined-up here at Fubar 
Who's excited for this one?? 
Can't wait for everyone to hear this 
No tricks! Just a 
Our Guy this year is provided by the 24th Reigate Beavers! 
This needs a video asap! 
Best Humiliating Goals Ever!
 DO BEST. U.K. LOVE. We bringing that fire 
RT TO WIN! NAKED 4SUM BUNDLE! 
Huge congratulations to EuroPro Rookie of the Year MK Kim who shot a 62 final round to qualify for final stage of 
We're Supporting our good mates 
You know the drill. Tuesday’s at Fortune are 
Drake had heat.. was a collection of songs.. some heat tho!Brockhampton had some 
No EP for December. But we got 2 great bangers coming. More news next week! 
Charlie Daniels take a bow
my crew didn't disappoint... thank you all 
Y'all Go Check My Lil Bruhh Highlights Out Next Big Thing Coming Out Of Immokalee
Nice little pick me up from @adidasrugby after a tough start to pre-season. Big thanks to 
Hip hop heads y’all go check out my fams 
Fire and Ice clash in Dortmund 
If you can volunteer 28th Oct at Rusthall Bonfire please message me! Thank you in advance for retweets 
Look at this fabulous bunch. They'll be joining us by the fire in Foxy John's, Main Street, Dingle, for 
Check out my track "Breaking Point" forthcoming 
Troubling Leszno city tomorrow night with my tastethemusic family 
I’m doing a 14 Day Unity Challenge with 
What a great discovery Taj Mahal’s daughter 
We are already really looking forward to 2018!
Sunset Strip hangin' 
What a great vibe in the gym this morning. Every Saturday morning 10am. What a place. 
The music video for 'enough' just dropped today via 
Go grab ya tickets for NYE PLAYAZ !!! 
Firing our way into another week! 
 Bottas though. Hesh  
Popcorn shrimp, chicken and waffles and Stax fries = your fantasy brought to life 
Christmas shopping has commenced. Mascot package for the boy 
Get to know the next BIG MAN THING in Fashion 
This week got us like...
In case you missed it, 
FBI = Fire Bangers Int'lnew 
Pink was amzng  . people present  there in   knew BTS was on
Performed at John Overton High School and it was too much fun ! Like the old boyband days 
The best thing the NFL has done in a while was let these guys start back celebrating... they've been 
 !! I'm coming back next Saturday 
This week our rib eye steak & ale pies are made with 
Clifford Franklin catching the ball tonight!!! 
NBG Arena wasn't ready for 
watch this if u don’t know 
Gonna be a fun night here 
Buckeye Walls finished just in time for the Dream 19 weekend 
Learn to work with a collaborator and make some 
BRAND NEW VIDEO ‘SKRAPZ FT. CHIP - HIGH SPEC’ OUT NOW!!! 
Satsumas and watermelon are best fruits goin 
 your EDC set was dope af! Straight 
German engineering, Japanese flare 
Thank you to all the beautiful Yogis who cameTo our candlelit Christmas party 
GAME TIME BABY. 
Next Friday it’s going down in Miami!Join us and catch the House god 
 Sunday forecast in Chicago - 91° 
Thank Anna Morgan & 
Since the summer,  Alabama's 
Wow! I want him to ruin mine too. 
All AJBXNG In Action 
We signed the poet, wordsmith, MC & legend 
Want to Flip The System? 
This is Colours of Ostrava festival. Gonna be very hot and very fun. 
Need some fuel for the weekend? You can now DL our full Escape Halloween set for free here: 
Yoooo the soul cypher this year 
He's a baaaad man 
 tour! Starts THIS FRIDAY. 
It's officially October! Bonfire and s'more sundae any one? 
Sheff Peeps!! Tickets - 
The Michigan secondary Straight ballers 
Siboy is going in!! 
Clearwater, Montreal and Denver this week 
S/o to two of our freshmen (
HUGE episode of KRYTERIA tonight ! 
"It's almost Girls Gone Wild, for real, but Kortni style." (NSFW) 
 | THURSDAY'S AT 
This week las two tour dates. Paris on Friday and then Bilbao 
Have you checked out our NEW apparel that is FREE with ANY Stack purchase?!3 NEW T-Shirts and a NEW TANK!!!Head over to 
Powering through the rest of the week. 
49 states. 36 countries. 6 continents. 
Check check fuck em up 
It may have been pretty cold last night but that didn't stop the Blues! 
Good Morning Y’all Yesterday’s Work In The Studio 
Yes! Big Papi for 
H E ' S 
You Don't Know Me is on Pete Tong's Ibiza classics 
On To The Next One 
So I've watched the video twice now. & since it's dropped ive played it multiple times a day. If you haven't heard 
 The Big Pescado coming 1/16/18
I fucks Witt Young Boy 
Back from Indonesia, looking forward to this dope bill on Sunday (11/5) in Brooklyn 
Let's do it Mr Jackson! 
I ain't partying, I'm watching 
Retweet if you follow back Follow everyone that RTs 
Looking forward to seeing this after it's been in the kiln
**OUR BRAND NEW SWEET TEA FLAVOR HAS ALSO BEEN ADDED TO OUR INDUSTRY LEADING POST WORKOUT CATEGORY!!Because everyone at Max Effort is so excited about the launch of this flavor, we decided to give it to you for FREE! That's right!**
Versace, versace, versace! Joburg, we hope you're ready for Migos 
No delusions of grandeur. 
FLASH GIVEAWAY [48 HOURS]ANIMATED TOXIC AR-15 SKINLIKE / FOLLOW / RETWEET TO ENTER 
Gucci Mane previews new music 
The Season Finale of Roast Me was STACKED 
.@ashton_gohil owned the 
A monkey is (slowly) coming back from Burning Man 
On Cam Now!!
“Give me any signal “
The night before Thanksgiving... one of my favorite nights of the year...
It's time for the end. 
New Music By The Bro! 
Because I am the number one panna player in the U.K.- if you want skillful players then look no further 
This line up makes me feel a little bit sick 
Looking forward to being back behind the decks at 
What a game that was!! Took it down to the wire!! Thank you 
This Rookie/Sophomore game on ESPN is lit right now 
Dubai, tickets available now: 
So happy right now :') what a comeback 
Full rundown of top performers from Day 1 of 
Another picture of a jet of fire 
Another table SOLD for Friday 1st Dec  
Likkle Miss @iamlikklemiss in studio just finish recording her hit collab with Shawn Storm @shawn_storm_sivva_official Song titled "That's What Friends Are For" 
Dealers and robbers x MoStack x J Hus 
 welcome React Native Firebase to Open Collective! 
TORONTO!! We’re playing the 
PLEASEEEEEEE RT!!!!!
Come try our NEW Buffalo Mary!
 NEW BONUS PODCAST! 
My teenage years wouldn’t have been as live without 
Let's spend the end of the night chatting around the fire 
So excited to have Omar S, Move D, 
When it's almost winter, but your hair is still on fire 
first 8 games go check them 
Next Thursday!!! 
Her latest work on our Instagram is 
The next M&M line up is 
Hebrews 12:28 "Therefore let us be grateful for receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken, and thus let us offer to God acceptable worship, with reverence and awe""a kingdom that cannot be shaken" 
NEW TRACK "SOULMATE" 
MOTORSPORT OUT NOWCheck It Out 
 LOW TICKET WARNING! 
15 mins in!!
TONIGHT!! Jalouween with the myth, the legend, the bailout n head to LA, Mexico, Santorini n anywhere but work guy 
This. Is. Atlanta. Public. Schools.  2 min & 20 secs of 145 years of alum legacy! It's 
Loving what's going down in the Indian hip-hop scene. Managed to catch 
  25% OFF TODAY  
Dope band in Orange County 
i gasped when i saw your jacket/jersey combo. holy 
Been playing this huge tech trancer in my sets over the summer and the reaction has been mental! 
CYBER MONDAY SALE AY- 20% off ERRTHANG- 30% off packs on the back- Free US shipping over $100 - $20 for annnnyyy T-shirt
WATCH: Christian Eriksen produced the naughtiest skill of the weekend against Newcastle. WOW! 
Damian Lillard steps onto the Eastbay cover in his new Dame 4s 
 with @ryanbrem on St. Kilda. Scotland raw and beautiful 
Tonight! . . LIT ON SUNDAYS 
This is like a black version of The Real World and I love it. The cast is so 
[New Interview] 
Another sleeper 2018 kid who had a big senior season. Comes from great program + good film + good grades. When you can do it in 6A you can do it anywhere 
 got me pointing fingers wall-to-wall and making the the grimiest bass faces with this one 
The man the myth the legend.....fabiooooooooooooo 
"I'll kill this in a sec, but I never settle for second" DO NOT SLEEP ON DREADS
Thanks Chris! You did fab 
11/30/17 House Of Blues Open Mic Sponsored by 
ORLANDO! We’re playing at Backbooth tonight, very few tickets remain, come hangout! 
The Arts Resource Team (ART) is on 
Proud of our guys!! Keep grinding 
Great connecting with you, kaka 
BANGER video coming out tonight.ft. AVENGERS  
Another hot release on Sola 
VAN-JOE PHOTOGRAPHERPHOTO WORKINWE RUN IT EMPIRE 
Fire the catapults and prepare for the coolest Snowball
Look fly and dry in our official 
Had to rep south London real quick at the 
EDC ORLANDO WAS DOPE!!
Your fully loaded weekend starts tomorrow with Jump street 
Kicking off homecoming weekend on fire!!! 
I ain't have a shoulder to lean on but I gotta soda to pour my lean in ! 
“Like Supercat these bars will sting”
"Michel, you ain't dreaming! Keep your eyes wide open and see you are leading at First Avenue 
HERE IT IS ... The official music video of my NEW single 'Lights Down Low' feat. 
ABOUT A WEEK AGO 
What a FANTASTIC evening last night! LONDON you were amazing 
Battle Warm Gloves = receivers gloves with fleece on the inside. Easier to catch when you can feel your fingers 
College Thursday Night! 21+ Get In FREE! 
NBA for tonight up a little early! Make sure to check back around 7:15 for any updates due to late news!
The way music hits me! 
Get your tickets to the show! It's gonna be mad 
Sheyi Ojo in black Faith Cap 
YOU NO YOU HOT
The idubbbz diss track on ricegum is pure 
 we asked for More and u dropped Tonight,  and gave us One Shot to calm our nerves and Plantain chips to kill our hunger. We thought 'twas OVER till Embassy came through...
Coming at ya’ Live 
Been waiting on this for years. I’m gassed. The 
TODAY→The House will vote on the Resilient Federal Forests Act to improve forest management & reduce the risk of catastrophic 
Ooh what's this? New 
BEST STUDENT SECTION EVER
 was so sick !!! 
Cupid “BODY” 
Our latest menu cover is based on the first ever Superman comic, which Krusty once used to light up a smoke when he was on a particularly frivolous spending spree... we think the TBC menu and its contents are just as valuable!
EVERY LAST ONE OF THESE IS TUNES 
Super 7 Records x 
I gotta see how her album is before I start placing her but as of right now Cardi B is going BRAZY!! 
Mercedes-Benz SLC Roadster SLC 180 AMG Line 
 House of the Devil gif made by my bud 
SEATTLE! I’ll be at Showbox Sodo with my boys 
Bringing money to life using sport today 
Strange for a venue that had such a high ceiling it was roasting in there. It’s me. I’m hot baby 
Back in Brighton, had to be done. 
QUARTER FINAL// We have confirmation that we will be facing 
Impressive Sth African maiden Wnr Roy Had Enough is the 7th 1st crop Wnr for 
Should've made boiz pay for this one! 
60 minutes away from the final episode of 
We can't WAIT to have 
Mondays are for Makeovers!  I teamed up with 
Warming up the house very nicely tonight. 
DROPPIN SOME HEAT FOR WINTER 
 Last night at work dankie baba 
 Black Friday is just around the corner - stay updated with all the best sportswear deals with Flybery! 
Michael Dapaah tells us how his life has change since Big Shaq went viral 
 Support for our Liverpool show comes from 
 has just dropped his bday bash line up 
Dwayne Johnson signed in ASL: “You’re scared? It’s ok” to communicate with an ape in  
Sofiane Boufal with Southampton's youth team - this is quality 
Bol Bol put on a show in Chicago for the inaugural Jordan Brand 
This Friday at Polokwane Cricket Club 
Two is better than one. 
Just turned in the last release of the year for 
 - take a look behind the scenes of the 
These bars have to get pulled out every time 
Yes Bristol! 1st December @ Lakota gonna pop off! 
 just played this sick track called  “We didn’t quit get that (original mix) by No Result 
 Excited and thankful to be apart of this dope ass project. 
  ! JOIN US FOR SOME AMAZING FUN! 
T-MINUS: 20 MINUTES!
FRIDAY = CHART DAY 
Yo! Guys! Come thru for First Thursdays at Chez Ntemba 
You know how it is...1. Bring on 
Tonight - the first play of 
How's my 250 sherco looking for erzberg? 
We can't of course fit all their supporters in 1 tweet! 
Bissett - You & I Premiere on 
That pit stop by the four two 
THEY WENT IN AGAIN 
Houston.....we have another 1 
Twerksgiving on WEDNESDAY (11/22) with 
What an awesome show that was! What did you guys think??? If you love what you heard tonight there's plenty more where that came from when we drop 
Thankful to receive an offer from Liberty University! 
We've got this monster from 
Can’t wait for this one ! Fever 
If you haven’t already, check out the banging 70s inspired 
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way 
Rich Before Rap 2 
SHELTER!!!!! 
 Ready for a brand new hottest record? 
Heard nothing but great things about 
Can't get enough of 'Right Now' by 
If this doesn’t fire you up, idk what will 
WEDNESDAY, NOV. 15th 
Best way to start 2018? On the slope. 
 thank the lord for o2 priority, this is going to be a madness
Remember, remember there’s one place for a pre/post 
Next week wdnsdy Night 
11 goals through 3 games and we'd have to say our offense is still on 
Bloody chuffed to be 4 on the list of 100 ultimate 
A couple of people asking what we’re using to track this. This is 
Lil Uzi Vert Unreleased Snippets 
 deals are comin' in hot 
“Knows how to plug in a phone” - savage troll by KK 
What. A. Half. 
We're here and looking forward to tomorrow evening 
TFW you go to record a new 
Stoked for next weekend! 3 shows, first one with the homies 
Last night’s Cycle 
FLAGSTAFF - We can't wait to see y'all at The Orpheum Theater​ for the the 
We've got a couple shows coming up with 
Roots Manuva added to this year's Farmfestival Somerset line-up 
Last night, the LA Kings were on fire and so were the tweets 
When it comes to Flow Hard hitting lyrics and work rate check out 
Heat up your lunch today w/ our Queso Flameado, cheese casserole with chorizo, served over warm tortillas & prepared right at your table
WC swim@back at it tonight- Wyatt Cronk with a FIRST place finish in the 100 Free 
'Boa Me' Official Video OUT NOW!! Such a vibe 
1 of my fav tracks from Bisk's new album
Halloween House Party Saturday is going to be 
They're baaaaaacccckkkk!!! This is the 
Not long until we have the finest RnB, Hip Hop, Garage & beyond from 
All of the above plasterboards are rated as Class 0Materials under Building Regulations Part B Volume 2 & have a Surfacespread of Fire of Class 1 in accordance to BS 476:Part 7 
Tony Hicks against Glasgow on Sunday: 27 points8 assists4 rebounds 4 steals75% from the field+/- + 29 All in 30 minutes 
Yuhhh!!! 
- This Ones Going Off!@BossmanBirdie & 
Legit, the line up of the year. Gonna be an INSANE night. Be there 
Great back shoulder throw by the young gun 
This season's MAN line-up is 
5,370m of LED strip lights, 5,101 hanging baubles, neon balls and stars, over 2,000m of sparkly vinyl, 3,555 vinyl stars, 382 rotating mirror balls, 62 bespoke wigs and 620 manicures on mannequins later and our Christmas windows are 
I was hot like Brian Scalabrine 
There’s this great new web magazine called 
Get it while it’s hot! The 
Championship game winning three pointer
The hip hop mix on 
Biscuits. Need we say more? Well if we do, bacon egg and cheese on a biscuit....
The internal struggle of man vs. self. 
 Official Video  ... here’s a peak .. Watch the rest NOW !
Can't wait to see tlcxsifklqdmortsn in January
We're so happy to announce that 
Portland, ME y’all know how to party! Tonight was 
This shits getting real 
YBN Nahmir & AlmightyJay The Hottest Youngins Out 
We have lift off!! 
 hop out the 4x4, 1 by 1 by 1 by 1 by 1 
 "See a west nigga rockin a bear like College Dropout." 
S/O The Fake "
 back in W column! PP & PK were 
This Friday Black Friday Me & My OG 
There's no stopping this man at the moment 
TOUR STARTS TOMORROW!!!Can’t wait to take this baby out!
! “Neva forgettin from where I
Ready for Rams tonight! 
Don't sleep on this belter of a release! 
It’s going to be a vibe at 
Dont Sleep on this Tweeps! 
- Next Collab TrackS: 
45 and counting. Kyrie SHOW OUT GAME 
Those Bantu tribal marks 
Check BOEKE on YouTube. Next EP coming soon on 
People been sleeping on Heavy hitter. 
EVERY ROUND IS PURE FIRE
I’ve been to A LOT of concerts but 
 album #6 on Global 
Just at home on a Thursday night watching 
This brother has done a ton of work fighting for 
Beautiful music. Play some city rains by Mobi Dixon. The strings on this song 
Just launched my new Energy Drinks....Thanks to everyone that is supporting me and stocking them.It's more like a Red Bull type of buzz than a pre-workout but so far everyone is loving it 
Heading to a date from hell - IKEA. Even though I've noted the aisles and locations of everything I want to get I'm still dreading it. 
When u & your friends finally link up
 | Check out this piece of absolute filth from 
Why all ur songs banging af 
Be sure to go to twsnow and watch the 
The new lounge in the Farmhouse 
 Hot off the press: “Gut-directed hypnotherapy, friendship, and sexuality: all 
Tory Lanez was not playing with y’all 
All the Seahawks players & the Titans stayed in the locker room during the national anthem! Now they walk on field linking arms!
What a result for the boys tonight! 
That 623 fired up to get to Norman!!! 
Well hello there old friend... SO chuffed that 
Listen back for the next 30 days & full tracklist on BBC Radio IPlayer>>> 
Bad Boy tune doing bits !!!!! 
New Video - RT! This is what my Ultimate 4K Setup looks like with the 
THEY’RE HERE !!!!!! MAJOR EXCITEMENT LEVELS !!!!! 
Step On The Floor With Me 
New post on my blog about @boccadamogioielli watch 
 It's Sagittarius season 
Today's the day!! FIRE DANCER in the student village at 5pm today as part of the Energy week blackout!! NOT TO BE MISSED 
Im looking forward to seeing you and 
2 amazing tracks from a team of 3 amazing artists only on Large Music. 
 ayyyyy sickkkk!!! live 
Bruno Mars :: Marlay Park, Dublin :: July 12th 2018
Second ever T20 hundred goes to Mooney, absolutely amazing! 
Time flies when you're having fun! Only 4 more weeks until the best 3 days and nights this November 
Thank you for all your support so far! 
“Suck it, Eddie Goodwin!” 
Gates are open. Get ready for 
Hot off the heels of Web Summit, 
2K18 Packs & Drafts are out! 
Big pic as usual Paul 
Chicago with the fam. Bout to be 
 Thanks for playing I Hear You Calling by 
While the track is still going strong, the official video for "Brave Love" premieres today on EDMBoutique Check it out NOW 
This new khalifa album 
THALA Ajith Fans Condition Right Now in Twitter 
This is our schedule for today! Both games are BO3. Get hyped 
Tyson out here dropping 35 on them boys 
Last year's Shotgun 
3 days till Black Friday. Need cash? Capitec clients can withdraw cash from other banks ATM's for less than their own clients
Dear World: You know what? You ARE amazing. I’m thinking about all the times you reached out to someone who needed a boost and I feel thankful. You know we’re gonna turn that up to 11 on Monday for 
My new one ‘Getcha’ it’s rocking the 
 - Legend (Intro) to hear that hard ass drop and then Blind Sight 
Photo shoot today ayeee 
our weekends are Legend_Dary!!
 Big Banc Uchies On The Dash Board Dat Part 
Girls 60-36 and Boys 90-38~UL Knights were on 
As the Dubai weather cools 
Checkout the new Lifelink single off of their upcoming record. You can preorder their record below. 
Your next MLA in the Alberta Legislature gets a standing ovation in Calgary Lougheed. Dr Phillip van der Merwe 
RDS 03/17 Operational awareness day. Simulation of real incidents, in preparation for life on the run as a Retained Firefighter. 
y’all peep my brother new shit!!
 is the artist-focussed conference addressing mgmt + touring + musical keynotes (Sun 26 Nov, East LDN) 
Congrats on the big win tonight, y’all balled out!
Cold Saturday nights call for feasting with fine company - come into the warm and tuck in 
It was a great time joining 
Snow day shit..... 
Kellie Willhite QUALIFIES FOR FINALS in the 100 breast with a time of 1:04.12!!!! 
Ward Family’s First Bonfire 
Playlist updated!!! Pure 
Growing, growing & steady growing!!!! 
Friday isn't about Finishing - it's about building! 
Marguerite de La Rocque, a French noblewoman who, because of a forbidden romance, was marooned on an uninhabited island near Newfoundland in 1542 with her lover and handmaiden, outlived them all and survived by hunting wild animals until she was rescued by Basque years later. 
Flashback: Carioca Club São Paulo soaked in sweat at our high octane show back in July! 
Bear Grillz Is Just 3 DAYS AWAY!! Come Ready To Rage...This Show Is About To Be 
 hackney tix bought ayyyoo 
Perfect LBD alternative -- my brand new jumpsuit will definitely land you best dressed at your next holiday party! 
 FIRST FIFTY ROUND 2 tbh!
HOUSE OF AFRIKATHE BEST OF HOUSE, HIPHOP & RNB UNDER ONE ROOF  
....it was a hot show
Loving my pops!!!! 
 has the best ribs & sauce! 
Xu Xin goes around the net against Harimoto! 
When LIFE dictates how the TING GOES... this happens 
 was... (⌐▨_▨)...lit
My boy dropped them visuals to that banger! 
 kareemlewisofficial (get_repost)・・・We lit tho
 - ‘She gimme.. 
Snap. Crackle. Pop. 
Mad respect for heads like 
 never fails me!! 
Eptimum becomes stakeswinner 16 for Snitzel - now ten off his & Danehill’s record, 13 weeks into the season 
Most fun I've had in a training sessions in a long time. These guys were lit 
Testing out my new live rig for the first time at 
Imma set out a day to listen and appreciate 
Yo homes, smell ya later!The Fresh Prince of Altherr stays 
Shot one of my favourite bands 
TONIGHT! INFERNO! 
"OH WHAT A NIGHT"
What a legacy this man leaves behind. Miguel Cotto 41(33)-6 
200 free relay rocks prelims and QUALIFIES FOR the A FINAL!! 
'Flashback to Devils Paradise...' 
For more information about working for Nottinghamshire Fire & Rescue Service, please follow the link. #
Starting tomorrow, I’ll be at Tokyo Comicon all 3 days! I’ve got issues of Mech Cadet Yu on hand and will be furiously drawing commissions
Jeremy Corbyn:- Economic growth has been revised down!- Productivity growth has been revised down!- Business investment has been revised down!- People-wages and living standards revised down!"What sort of strong economy is that!" 
Grab a deal 2.0 Mini Cooper hatchback S with servicing pack. 
4 Shows within 2 weeks!!
Harry Kane has scored 6 goals in his last 4 games for club & country this season. 
The grip of the GTS Alcantara package. A must have when it comes to GTS?Our new demonstrator at 
Powder blues for our Thanksgiving game 
New Smokepurpp x Murdabeatz . Sounding 
If this new song money by 
Great work this! McNeish family on 
Does what is says on the cup - 2 DAYS TO GO 
I wonder what the bartenders are cooking up for the next special menu? What ever this is it's(literally) on fire 
Hype on kiss 1-2am tonight 
PERFECT timing for winter coat distribution! Thank you 
Triple digits again?  Let’s go! 
More than 37 million fire extinguishers are being recalled because they might not work in an emergency. 
 oooooohhhhh shit 4th...this new joint you did wit 
IN THE LAB 2. 11/13/17. 12:00am EST
Another outside barrier, another great ride 
Those Blue Angels unis are 
Herbie, James, Terrace and Trevor pshhhhhhh 
This Saturday is basically a holiday!! 11/11 is going to be LIT 
Hottest mixtape of the year dropping soon?!?
We hear ya. 
4 Days and counting til the HOTTEST 
Help him out !!!  
F/A For S2 HMU 
Amsterdam last week at RAI was crazy! 
 my boy drew this up for me!! 
Get down early Garage family tonite is gona be 
ICYMI last Thursday - 
E. Mak - Yo Remix (Official Video) ft. Big Zeeks, Stylo G, Frisco, TE dness 
First fire of the winter and it smells amazing 
Added some bangers this week! 
So hyped to be releasing the next single from our upcoming debut album! ‘Say Something’ Featuring 
Very proud to be featured in the beautiful 
Suprise! suprise! Surprise! I'm dropping a song for the street, and i've gat the king of the  street on dis one 
Jart —> Truth teller 
Hi-ho. Hi-ho. Off to do 
Hit em with the custom last night. 
Listen to Still Here ( Prod. Cashmere Brown ) by Tim Stacks 
What a set Solomun (Official) 
Without entrepreneurs who work tirelessly to create incredible companies, lacrosse would not be where it is today. Go check out the latest lacrosse Innovators in the 2017 LaxWeekly Christmas MiniMag
I've had such a great time working with the Sephora Short Hills cast. I've made some pretty great friends. However, I'm excited to announce that I will be joining the Sephora Garden State Plaza cast starting tomorrow! Come book those CMs and shop with me! 
ERIN + STEVIE BABY 
NEW VIDEO IS TRENDING ON 
Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Wood-fired smoke job 
Classic winter tale 'The Little Match Girl' will be brought to life next month by 
 Flash back Friday My childhood was Lit 
The way certain people look at me like while I’m stood in the store DJing... It’s 2017, the party never stops!
Blazing fire and John Doherty 
Another One!!!!!! Shatta Wale - Gallis Party 
Two beautiful colts bought today with 
This Friday dropping my first set at the 
We see you, Channing Tatum 
YOURS TRUELY! Do it!! VOTE 
 MATCHDAY 9 IS LIVE! 
PURPLE WAX TEXAS HITS VOL 1 (TEXAS TO THE WORLD) mix by 
New Evidence joint is stupid! 
Can’t wait till the 9th now for 
This was the amazing British artist 
Should be a nice one! 
THIS is why I make music 
. Tomorrow Night. Join us for a massive night of new music with .
No choice but to jump in the fire. photo 
Come and get cosy with us this afternoon 
3rd QTR | 8:47The first points of the quarter come from a THREE by Berger
Wowwww “Crew” is nominated for a Grammy 
Let’s go Tez!!! 
Cold outside isn't it? ... I'll tell you what isn't cold... THE PURE FIRE I'LL BE DROPPING ON KISS FROM 6PM!!!!!!!! 
With Papi and  Dan Le Batard danlebatard 
My baby_@Jezelbrothers ft. 
 “40k” straightttt heat
How do i get this instrumental bro? Im tryna spit some flames
Been bumpin that FDM4 heavy at the gym 
Y'all go check out my homie 
Juicy J taps Cardi B for new song 
ANOTHER DAY!! new 
MON WORLD, get yer tickets 
Just arrived in Bali! Playing at JENJA tonight 
Itching for the our first World Cup game tomorrow. Catch us live, 3.45pm NZT vs Canada 
2nite......Last Show n thee USA....Austin give Us yUr Energy & 
Yooo! The new episode of Qulinez Radio Show is now online! 
The retreat may be over but the movement is just beginning! Watch out 2017-18, the JAGS are on 
Welcome back for meat anytime 
Church without walls!!! 
We would like to welcome our new addition to the 
EDC ORLANDO kineticFIELD 2:56PM 
Been working on a collab with an international artist today. This is HUGE! Can't wait to show you guys 
Oi oi!! 
The coolest thing I’ve seen today: live coded music at 
  3 effective ways to really optimize you brand's Twitter presence: 
Powerfully cinematic sound design courtesy of 
Come and relax in.....
Felt so good playing with my own pc jeez.. I'll go sort some stuff IRL and have a few hours of sleep. I'll see you guys later tonight so i can fix my sleeping schelude----Highlight of tonight 
Warm up with red hot savings 
Our best episode yet! Can’t thank 
Asian Drag King name:Sir Racha 
New album dropping in Tucson is straight 
The lack of women leaders is a national emergency. 
OI OIIII INDOOR PETS R MY FAVE BAND NOW (not Get Inuit)
So much love for Baltimore, such an amazing time tonight, we’ll see you next year! 
Pull up pull up last nite at the Arch Club in Brighton 
24/11 at Taj Pamodzi Hotel!Join us as we make Zambian music history! 
Wondaboy!!!!! Ur song that is on air is madddddd!!!!!
Audi RS3. Quattro. S-Tronic. In Stock now. 
I swear big homie 
KAT not playin the first quarter sucked still turned out to be a decent night for me tho! Going Drummond > KAT woulda been 
“DJ is a fraud. He needs to man up and fight me”Hear our conversation with 
 trapcity guest mix.. Is my mix of the year.  
 GIVE IT A play
 PHRESSSH NOVEMBER TOUR TIX ON SALE NOW 
A massive old thanks to the guys at 
Last night was a dream onstage with 
Coogi down to my non existent socks
MONDAY NEW MUSIC ON REVEALED ! 
Exclusive preview of SUAVEMENTE on Pre-Order 
“If coffee were a man, it’d be a black man...” 
I've been blown away by the amazing effort and  creativity of 3W's Stone Age house homework 
 THIS SONG IS A PROBLEM!!! 
Ready for this. Set to be lit 
! We're coming 4 u 
LSTN / DANCE: "Tik Tok" by 
Trapaholics & R&B/HipHop heads... Please join my stream on 
I'm biased I know but this poem from 
Check Out Ghostface Killers 
Next up... Fourth World! This one is gonna be insane.
Friends of poetry and beauty, please take note! This book is 
Whew!! Here’s Loop Loft artist 
Sensational..!!! 9 birdies in 15 holes for 
Make sure you LOCK IN to 
 new french fries so fire 
I see y'all let's keep 
This Guy looks ready for tonight’s bonfire 
Love when Bay Area rappers succeed s/o to 
We can’t wait To see see you all tomorrow night  
Last season in Silvaplana, Switzerland, Izzy Atkin became the first British woman to win a ski slopestyle World Cup competition! 
While we're young - jhene aiko .... 
Anyone looking to spice up an event, let me know!  
CHECK OUT THIS LINK 
About last night...
A well deserved point at Anfield. Time to focus on Wednesday. Away fans were 
YES!!! 
Lady Eagles JV and Varsity are hustling and getting after it tonight!!!
D-O Footwork Prod. by July Drama (Official Audio) via YouTube  >>> 
RT & LIKE, One Winner gets a Free Heather Grey Flame Eye Beanie! 
We’ve got the best deal of the year 
Tonight I’ll be passing here for 
"That TSA line is on 
Amazing experience! It should be part of the induction for all the board members.
TRY! SALFORD!! 
 So I say No manSay no manCan take my joy away...
listennn Sevana's outfit last night was 
Work was great this week. Find out what I've been working on tomorrow 
SUPER DANK SHOUT OUT FROM 
WE THE REAL RAIDERS! 
“Another year, honey where does the time go?” November 24th. 
Another wonder strike by the man 
Damian Lillard might be the most underrated player in the league. 
If you haven’t already, check out my latest soundsOUR KINDA MUSIC PT 5  |  OUT NOW 
Boston! Can't wait to be back at 
Apologies for the lack of streams lately. I'm happy with how competitive the Hearthstone meta feels currently (especially this late into the expansion) but still totally bored of itBut been enjoying these 2x Samyang spicy noodles. Spicier than expected for only 8.8K Scoville 
Remember This Street Banger? 
Wanna say a very big thank you to everyone for your messages and love, I really appreciate. Let’s give them more music 
You don't wanna miss this year's Soul Cypher! 
Need more tracks for myself for this Bando Theory LP.  If you got 
Kim and the Love Crew are at Aldershot’s Manor Park for the 
Love this outtake of me trying to keep warm at my shoot with 
I'm lucky + v grateful to work with the Engineering team 
Houston & Dallas! December 8 / 9. 
u awake? well then you better cop one of these at midnight 
Finally got to try the infamous 
A force to be reckoned with - stunning 
New music coming straight your way soon, are you ready for a new single?! 
What a game to be apart of last night. Absolutely gutted in the end but the boys put in a proud and gutsy effort. The atmosphere was on another level
 We've got another one around the corner (TOMORROW)... 
Tonight 2-4-1 on drinks tonight 
Robert Rogers committed to continue his wrestling and academic career for 
It’s been an EPIC week in Sheffield 
Early Heat game tonight w/ 
 From the Senate floor: 
2018 Are you Ready?! Going on the DATSIK NINJA NATION TOUR! Ready to hop on a bus with 
COMING SOON!! 
 we just some millionaires that crawled out the mud we gone inspire y’all on 12.8.17 I
 Game day feels!! 
When you send your clients a fire deliverable on Friday. 
Buzzing with the win today! Lads were on
Blazing In Your Ear Drums Fam!!! 
Little Miss Nasty returns to The Viper Room on December 15! Special guests Gina and The Eastern Block! 
“You have sex on the third date, fine. But if you bring up money on the third date, there may not be a fourth date.” - 
Captains Henshall and Yeomans name two absolutely 
It’s going down this weekend at the providence Rhode Island Comic Con! #
Unforgettable moments during ADE I'll never forget! 
Spice up your night at House of Blues! 
 y’all I just listened to the EDC set.....
After the party it’s the after party! TJ + 
KIKI - ICKY BANGS !  Got the Whole tape on repeat tho   
Aidan Fraser & Koran Jackson starting the evening 
It’s going huge!
This bih finna be so hard 
Updated our REAL SHIT. Spotify playlist.w/ 
Series sweep + CHA Weekly Honors sweep = 
Shooter!!!!!!! 
In a subtle way, you've made 
Oh shit do I miss this fireeeeee 
Go cop this asap chun and keep grinding 
t’s almost payday which means PARTY time!
*NEW MUSIC* 'CHIP FT. GHETTS - GETS LIKE THAT' VIDEO OUT NOW 
I am proud to announce that I've committed to Central Michigan University to further continue my academics and athletics! 
 FRIDAY FRESH MIX! 
Also as we arrived 20 mins before showtime, and found a vibeless, half empty room, it felt like last night coulda been wrong place wrong time wrong f-ckin world....but oh so wrong we were....
Members Only - Head over to:  
“For the Lord your God is going with you! He will fight for you against your enemies, and he will give you victory!’” Deuteronomy 20:4 
2 weeks today till I light up York Hall
Bumping this at work rn and all my coworkers thinks it's fire!!!
11.00AM - 1PM the greatest interview on the planet with 
9Betfair Price BoostsMan City V West Ham
Tonight is the NIGHT! Last show of 2017 we're at London's beautiful 
"O captain! My captain".Movie number 8 coming up next on 
After-School Bushcraft & Archery Sessions for young people aged 8+ on 16th, 23rd, 30th Jan & 6th Feb, 3:45pm-5:00pm. Sessions will alternate weekly between archery and Bushcraft activities. £24 for 4  weeks. 
It’s raining chocolate!!!
 6 days to go! 
85 degrees in late November 
It's time for the best chefs of the week to meet their competition. 
4 hours left to get 25% OFF
How much does your commute cost (or save) society? Walking and biking are 
He said it!!! 
I did fumble!!!  It’s true.  
 new tune "The Issue" unbelievable lads 
Nov 24th @ Heart 
Towson's Mike Morsell called championship 
 Man, really.. I am listening to "The Secret" right now for the first time. AMAZING. Capolavoro incredibile! Continua così 
DETROIT let us light this night on 
What a Sunday of football! 
12 Brand, Spankingly New Topic Vocabulary Packs Coming Soon!!
Can't miss in Madtown. 
Creation Global [Chicago] 
My cats got sum new 
What. A. Catch. 
It's Juicy tonight featuring Kiss FM's 
is this real life??? 
TFW you're thinking about the insane amounts of raw techno and industrial rave Boys Noize is going to drop for his CTM 2018-inspired set 
She makes the short sleeve jerseys look 
Listen back Meeks x 
Events across the country with exposure and you can customize your schedule to attend only the tournaments you want! The Prep Hoops lineup in 2018 is 
 is giving me all the life right now! If it ain’t you it’ll be the other guy—and we all know how well that’s going for us. 
Ready for GDG DevFest Istanbul 2017! 
BRAND NEW TRACK!!
ASAP Rocky giving a speech at oxford university and freestyles at the end 
After sickness and surgeries left 
Check out these DOPE moves to this SICK track! 
Check this months pod  yet ....  2 hours of 
For Sure My Nigg
Houston second show added. Neee haaaa! 
Throw Back to the Fashion Icons of the 80's! 
Mfr souls ft prince kaybee- flavour  
This one goes Hard 
Luke james is crazy talented. 
Thanks for the bless up ska’bruthas! 
Starting tomorrow, Firefox is fast again 
Our Signature Sunday night at 
WHO WANTS TO JOIN
Fire consistently reduces biomass, abundance, and diversity of below ground faunal communities
I lost count of how many times I've been listening to Thawula by 
Who hasn't heard that new banger from 
SUPER SATURDAYS AT THE BELL
Top win , we keep the momentum going! Boys on 
Still can't get over this 
We've got that Friday feeling ... glass of champagne infront of the open log fires 
Burst.... BANG! BANG!
| Tash Bash Dancers We had two of the sexiest dances of the year happen on Monday night 
EXCLUSIVE: i-D cover star Adwoa Aboah joins Blondey McCoy in 
featuring the best of the best.
"Match made in heaven" 
bat + gom ... sittin on some
Road report: surrounding roads are gritted. Go careful in slush. Fires roaring, open for business! 
evening eye candy. 
Exciting to hear of the growth of Holland's version of Messy Church these last 2 days
Train and play in style...Our latest Velocita training range is now available 
it’s the most wonderful time of the year: 
ICYMI: Congrats to LMNS concertina player + 
“There You Go”, a gift from 
Totally just woke up thinking WOW that was a comfortable sleep and AN AMAZING DINNER! 
can't wait Berlin! R&S Records Label Night 
Very happy to Present my “Mouse Trap EP” which will be available from 22nd December on 
Will never tire of listening to this. Best battle routine ever 
Spice up your night with a cocktail at Kru. 
 great show last night! Music was lit 
‘CHIP - ABOUT TIME FT. KOJO FUNDS’ VIDEO OUT NOW 
It's a party - the 
My EP 'Roots' is out today on 
This is going to be the biggest edition of 
God damnit THIS album  
Artan - Next Up? [S1.E12] | 
Peanut butter hot chocolate is happening 
Straight Off The Boat 
Shout out to these beautiful women representing 
OPENING NIGHT HERE WE COME! 
Tickets for Queens Of The Stone Age at Finsbury Park are NOW ON SALE! 
 starts today!Big up to the small indies pushing boundaries and publishing what they love 
88 glam so fire dawg 
The whole family is in love with 
Be the first to order the new shirt design from 
 Holiday with the good stuff. See these in store and online whilst stocks last
Have you coped our last ep calls 
If y’all wanna come get lit with me for my birthday come to 
EXCITING NEWS COMING SOON!!! 
Fall announcements coming in HOT
So looking forward to hosting the Languages track at 
SUMMER KICK-OFF SALE NOW!Everything in the store is 50% off
"Lions do not compare themselves to humans."Zlatan at Manchester United = 
***JUST ANNOUNCED*** Jan 6th '18 
working on new stuff with some electronic influences! 
We enjoyed an informative assembly by P2/3 on firework safety. We wish all of our families a fun but safe bonfire weekend. 
Now that’s rubber layin’ 
 Hot off the press: “Sprudge - Issue #88” 
Learn to be a firestarter! Come to a Fire Kit Day at Wildly Curious. Build your own kit to take home. See 
Traveling in Aberdeenshire today to carry out fire safety audits 
Tom Brady = fuego. 
Ne? it makes sense now.. I finally agree that I'm heavenly sent
You know we had to bring down the fam from 
It's only the 1st quarter, but there's some seriously motivated play on this field tonight... 
These ladies are FLAWLESS for tonight's 
This one had a little bit of everything. Re-live it with the quick
 DBS Reaction! Then PUBG & CS? | AnimeBlazeDOTcom | 
Don't forgot to help out your favorite hometown BBQ! Text to Bad Azz BBQ to (412)218-3063 to vote !! 
Self-actualization needs - realizing personal potential, self-fulfillment, seeking personal growth and peak experiences. A desire “to become everything one is capable of becoming” 
Another Radio 1 play for our new bomb - look out for this one 
Tv show turn concert 
A little look at what is going on this week 
See our picks of the brightest female musicians to watch in 2018 including 
Credit to the boys last night digging in with another last minute result up in Leeds. Big 3 points away from Home. Character faultless, we’re warming up nicely 
Tonight tonight dong a Bristol 
 just turned it up a notch at The Function 
Research conducted by John Gunn, research assistant professor of forest management and researcher with the NH Agricultural Experiment Station finds wood pellets cut home heating GHGs in half. 
New kids on the block excited to meet our friends at 
Chief Keef x A Boogie - Glory Bridge 
Student poet Donald Val 
NEW SHOW! Incredibly excited to announce @MGMT's live return on 6th February at 
Out tomorrow on Elements, this 
7 out of 10? That’s 
Live @islandjambanquethall island Jam Saturday’s 
Earlier on .....Be here or nowhere! 
 are killlling the Dj set right now 
Last night in London was lit 
If you're running into full DC mailboxes, try a local office! You can find the #'s easily at 
 VIDEO IS OUT! premiere on 
HOT NEWS COMIN DOWN THE PIKE 
Hey guys, BIG NEWS! I’m starting a YouTube Channel with the help of my friend 
Happy to be partners with the bull 95.5 Las Vegas! Kings of Leon 
  DOUBLE TROUBLE for COSMIC  Royale Saturdays
Giggs - Linguo feat. Donae'o (Official Video) 
Ima die a boss, in this new sick shirt 
Thank you Philly, you were lit af last night 
My fans are hella lit 
Crazy Cousinz x Yxng Bane x Mr Eazi x Lily McKenzie - No Way [Music Vide... 
Only TWO hoodies left in each of the following sizes: L, XL, XXL!!!Then they're gone FOREVAAAAGetcho grandma a Christmas gift 
The Sims 4 is now available on Xbox One thanks to 
Clive Jive! What a great time we had with y’all. Can’t wait to be back 
WAYLAND SOCCER BABY!!!!
NEW UNIFORMS AND GLOVES 
This Slurpee Lite is straight 
Another home win and another goal..great team performance thanks to the fans for the support 
MAJOR VIBES TONIGHT SATURDAY 4 NOVEMBER 2017 | THE LOFT
I Promise Y’all Are Gonna Dance Yall Miinds Off When This Album Drop 
This Gentleman from Cameroon carved out a cooler using a Bamboo! This is so amazing! Let us make him famous, Retweet and Like ..Thanks 
 big bro stay snapping !!!
Dorothy what's meaning or how did you come up with album new name 
Tonight’s gonna be FIRE 
Our newest single “Destruction” with 
The new DUCKWRTH mixtape is 
Just announced.. NYC, get ready to see 
Get ready for that grimey bass 
My sound string up pon di lawn!
New today on VRV: Lastman, our HarmonQuest NYCC Special, and Adam Savage's Armor Build 
GOT SOME FUCKING HEATERS ON THE WAY 
"I’m trying to bridge the east and the west, and connect the world with the music I'm doing.”
This weather might be cooling down on us ... but best believe we're turn up the 
Man like Nas rocking the new OG Fly Hoodie! Get yours @ 
Where were you when AUSTRALIA SAID YES?! ON AN EMPTY PLATFORM WAITING FOR A DELAYED TRAIN! YES!!!!!! 
I'm on my NY shit.... 
Only 3 weeks into Spring & we already have a total fire 
Tonight- Me and my sound brother running some Riddims before Bad Gyal brings the fuego 
DMX delivers an epic performance of 
Next weekend sees the return of 
GB junior boys smashed ittttt 
Look what we just got... The Common Wealth Games Match Schedule!! 
YOU GUYS, I JUST SAW THE WORK. 
Back by popular demand! The effortlessly cool 
That reggaeton-inspired track off that new new 
Warm up with red hot accessories 
Today, look back at IdeasCity New York on film: 
Oh yeah, it's finally time to get the log burners on! Come on in and get 
Ask your mummy mummy honestly who's my father 
Clear your schedule for Wednesday night! The basketball home opener is gonna be 
FREE SHOW—Tonight!!! 
 Announcing Learn Node!Learn to build web applications with Node.js, Express, MongoDB and friends. → 
Oklahoma special election- in district 37 which Trump won w/67% of vote - just went to a 26 year-old lesbian named Allison Ikley-Freeman 
#84 traxsource Tech House Top 100 
You're on fire! 
2 days until rock lords 
Yasss dolls bring it home this trio is on fire 
What a review for our @char_layne  & 
Everyone watch and retweet my full senior season highlight video
In the words of DJ KHALED.... “Another ONE” 
We keep climbing in the Tech House top 100 
Check out this highlight! Must watch , you won't regret it ! 
Busy morning here in court number one at Swansea Crown - four defendants sentenced in 90 minutes. 
So excited to be back on the road with 
Last day of honeymoon. Took the 1.5 hour ride to 
 GUARANTEED ICON! Top 100 Monthly & Weekly rewards! Watch it here:  
Toni's new single 
Some nights just call for a whiskey! Enjoying this 
Check out my new music video! 
Quality food, service and atmosphere at 
Check out Sema’s interview with 
Couple days late but still worth a view!! Our new 
212223Back row young guns were tearing it up yesterday! 
It's time to get lit with 
Very tight remix of genesis 
RT if you're from the Space Jam era 
Tony Gaffney's debut for 
The wait is over......
That’s a good lookin’ shirt! 
Thank you to all the producers on 'HIGHLY FLAMMABLE' 
Oiiiiiiii oiiiiiiiii!!! Play Off Final here we come!!! 
We've put together a mix of our favourite releases from this year including tracks from 
Prettyboy D-O - Footwork prod. by July Drama ( Official Video ) Dir. by 
No other people I’d rather be kick ass with 
We’re rockin’ into the week with the LEGENDARY 
The Jacksepticeye 50/50 T-shirt is NOW up for pre-sale! 
Cant fucking believe it, my team is insane 
This is the RUSSELL WESTBROOK I’m used to....
I regret slandering simple beats some of them be going iin
A freezing Friday night at the footy in Mid Annandale but the 
My remix of No Love by @volac_official coming soon.... 
What’s more cozy than fire, whisky and bbq? Snuggle up tonight our Buffalo House pop up 
Fresh dough, ready and waiting for us to fire up for you at @city_socialbham - grab a slice - we’re under the 
THIS WORLD BELONG TO US!!
 2 WEEKS TO GO! 
New music! Go check it out 
 can’t wait to see you guys live and in the flesh. I know it’s gonna be 
It may be pouring down outside, but boy is it getting HOT HOT HOT inside SEXPO Melbourne 2017! 
We have just restocked our longsleeve tees! Head over to our online store to pick one up 
Lit asf last night 
11 days until TY Fest...got your tickets? 
AIM Members & Friends of AIM - For your chance to win 1 of 3 pairs of 
Who still bumping that Super 7 Volume 8 thooo ?!?! 
T-shirts ordered and due for delivery to HQ in the next 48 hours ready for dispatch? Oh, go on then! 
NI DE COÑA BY 
 was once again, so good last night at 
New song ft one of the Best 
One of UK's treasures 
Today’s the day, bahds! 
Finn Russell with some quick thinking to set up Huw Jones 
 New sideline cheer:
Our October Meetup at Google (!!) is going to be 
We been hard at work ladies and gents.. We got a cool track coming soon! 
Bad ass mount biking 
NYC, we coming! 
Making niggrs pay for the times they taxed us 
I got a prerelease copy and it is 
Ladies & Gentleman it's GAMEDAY!!!!! First game of sections at 7pm at home
400 free relay QUALIFIES FOR the A FINAL!!! Amazing swimming today and ready for more tomorrow!!
My bro is shining good! 
One show down, two to go!! 
All I want for XMas is 
Coming into Monday hot! 
Upcoming performance "JAZZ IS DEAD" Dec 14th, 2017 @ LODGE ROOM
Today's lesson: one-touch. 
Crooked Colours - I Hope You Get It feat. Ivan Ooze [Official Video] 
 really out here making fire, even the haters are conforming
Good times smashing Dubai with my candypantsevents bro 
Who's managed to get their hands on one of our Rope T-Shirts? 
Maddd Jam!!! Chief Obi - Type of Woman 
  athlete Brandon Thompson shot 60% from the field last night 
Is wanting our Sunday Schools to grow again for the church's, the leaders' or the children's sake? Shouldn't we become disciples together?
Here for a good time, not a long time! Our pop blender is limited-edition! Tap link in bio to shop 
Highlights include Art Night 2018 
We're super excited to be a part of Startup Open House along with other awesome tech companies! See you Oct 26th 
Official Promo Video for Northampton 
I got that new new for you! My 
I had the great opportunity of being part of the Sketch Hackathon Berlin 2017 organised by 
*LOW TICKET ALERT!* Less than 50 tickets remain to get down with 
Great dane and sumthin sumthin
Just like fire, burning up the way, if I can light the world of up for just one day 
Tonight !!!10.25.2017 // Season 2 EP 03
I’ve been traveling for months and now it’s finally almost over. Can’t wait to get back in my studio to give y’all new flames 
Allah's favorite for a reason 
New freestyle: ‘Give N Go’ 
LONDON!!! O2 INDIGO,  DEC 17TH... SIMBA WITH THE BAND...!!!!! 
 Your Marking 80 On Fifa 
If you're brave enough, you can even have a shot of melting some metal yourself 
 made Monday night feel like a Friday. 
We're looking for dedicated people to join our front of house team. Food & drink PASSION required 
Slo-mo espresso. Nothing better than an ice cold illy crema on a scorcher of a day. 
We’ve won 8 of 9 and 18 of our last 24.Your 1st place 
Alana to the rack! And a foul! 
Coming back to Canada this week! See you soon Vancouver! 
Wow....  amazing night at the super cool 
Releasing our new track 'Moving Pieces' tomorrow! 
Less than 2 weeks till Mixology with 
2 The Hard Way 
Endless is hyped!!! 
What a test match. 
Amazing art done by a supporter
Today!!! Start at 3pm!!! vs. 
Who's got that Fava Fever 
I am Happy to announce I will be playing at MADE this year
Fire, right? 
ME x Fabolous x Conceited 
2018 is already looking like it's gonna be fire 
Blistering pace from Will Talbot-Davies to score a length-of-the-field try!But 
The Irish for flamingo is 'lasairéan', which translates literally as flamebird. 
A Very Jersey TGE 
New Caney vs Fort Bend Marshall man oh man! All of my boys about to go at it im geeked! Im calling it now one of the games of the week star studded event 
GIANT SQUIDDIM!! 
My first official EP ‘G3T OUT’ hosted by 
I'm picky with remixes but this 
2-1 vs SK-Gaming. One more to go! Lets do this
Live islandjambanquethall island Jam Saturday’s 
All hail qween GC 
Kyler Murray's visor is 
Not looking like there's chance of an upset at the Ricoh. 
It’s single heat
It's not a trap! 
Harry Lintell double rock blocking for 
It’s Show Time!!!! IGNITE 
Las Vegas.  Hi.  I'm here.  Playing tonight at Beauty Bar solo.  Tickets at the door for $15. 
We saw a lot of grass fires over the weekend 
I think I need a foursome, Bella, Kendall, GigiIt'd be easy if Reneezy hook it all up on the leezy  
“Dirty Sexy Money" by 
might fuck around and go just for that 
One of my favorite singers and long time collaborator 
Big up to everyone that came to check the set at 
Bruh I would bang this in the whip. Migos be making hits by accident 
2nd night sold out in 5 mins.No label. No radio. No problem. Bonny is burning. 
The best way to start the day. 
There were some fabulous strikes across the 
WE HUNT THE FLAME IS GOING TO BE A BLOODY REAL BOOK. 
 Video coming Realllll soon 
1Xtra Live 2017 kicks off! Can't wait till this is out 
My new track "Let it Bleed" featuring the AMAZING 
Aw dude. Thanks Ryan 
Really happy with that round this morning, gave myself plenty of opportunities and the putter was 
This is maddd! Haha 
Thanks for the visit coaches!! 
This Saturday 11/25 it’s going down in Sacramento! TY Fest is gonna be so lit with 
CHECK THE VIDEO!
OUR STATE OF THE ART LUXURA LAY DOWN SUNBED HAS JUST BEEN RE-TUBED!
Hey y’all. We are REOPENING Tuesday, November 21st!! 
 The next version of VS code will automatically add your import statements as you use functions from your project
This Saturday we've got 
I promise you this next album is for you. 
TONIGHT: Special guests Norris Man and Selecta 7 passin' thru 
I love highlighting some of the causes I’m passionate about...check it out!! 
Let's Go !!!11.29.2017 // Season 2 EP 04
Got a peek at the new line dropping Monday from 
Woodside bred progeny take 1st -Pachino Boy & 3rd - Tina turban in R5 
“Tajiri heat” being added to the Los Guerrero’s theme lyrics while Eddie and Tajiri were tag champs was the peak of 2003. 
Russia used operatives from NRA, Christian Conservatives & Vetrans groups to try & establish a back-channel 
"You must be ready to burn yourself in your own flame; how could you rise anew if you have not first become ashes?" Friedrich  Nietzsche 
Bought Fischerspooner's "Odyssey" CD at Tower Records in 2005 the day it came out-such a thrill to go full diva mode w them 12 years later
Lil cousin snapped. I love how gritty this is. It’s like vintage Philly rap. 
NARCO - HER W/ JLZLate night heater from our Brazilian family 
Good win last night, just what we needed , great goals 
Congrats Gill and Mill. Mixed beer pong champs! Unlucky fresher and Liam on the pint of wine! 
Think imma give my Brudda 
To the start of a new season, huge thanks to 
We recently reached 5m downloads on the Android version of CrowdScores! 
Dropped a few exclusive IDs last night at 
 Dope battle good shit 
Here are this week's TOP songs! Which ones are you playing on 
Don't miss out! 
YOU’RE GOIN’ DOWN
Thanks to Raphael, Nicole, Leia and everyone at 
How to set the runway on fire 
Tasty and full of flavour! 
Excited to be back here. I especially like the stadium section, great atmosphere! Let's go 
Great EP guys! 
NYMag bringing you a hot take 
May 5th it's on ya hear me it's only so much game I can give you frfr 
Are you a creative problem solver? Enjoy learning by doing? Flipside is a 12 week, design programme for East Ldnrs 
 8 Days, 8 Grapplers, 1 KASAI World Lightweight Champion | 
We wanna give y’all some new 
The SoxFest lineup is STACKED 
House of Horrors: we asked Queensland's record run-scorer about how to win at the Gabba 
DUDE!!!
Killed it though.  Check out our insta story to see the 
Happens every time... 
What a comeback from the boys! 
COMPETITION:Big weekend ahead 
Catch me warming up the main room for Royal T @ raw (Williamson tunnels Liverpool)  this Saturday and it's SOLD OUT 
Now we're cookin with gas!   Had an amazing day on set with this beauty 
Use Me is officially the greatest Britney track not to have been released by Britney. Congrats, 
Being an SA boy at heart, hope the crows get up and 
On our way to San Francisco!! See you tonight at Temple 
Close 2017 Strong with These 9 Apps w/ 
Come see us mash up 
Ohana and neck tats!!!
Saturday main stage was LIT! 
It's time to judge a book by its cover. My short story, The Dry Season, is in the running. Head over, check it out, & enter to win $100+Kindle 
My list of the top 5 
Thank you, Leanne. Sending fire!
Fireside jams before last night's Caravan to WonderGrass Farm-to-Fret dinner at 
"THE FRESHMAN JUST RAN IT BACK TO PHILADELPHIA!" 
Thank you gotta love that latex 
BRAND NEW EDIT: 
Dos campamentos , Uno dia =(3) Birds Landed in the Alamo. I have to say today was 
Trance Wax set last week at 
Latest from San Diego...take a look 
Camila Cabello x Young Thug x Guy Gabriel. 
Massive retreat from Tory govt after repeated 
The Art and Soul Festival | 11.11 | 7pm 
Don't. Get. Tired. Get ready. Read 
What was your weekend like so far? 
Next week, on Wednesday 11/22, We are getting down with 
R A C E D A Y 
 Step up your game with this crispy World Best Gaming apparel from 
Julio displayed some nice crafting details on the post corner! 
It’s doesn’t get any better than this 
BRAND NEW REVEALED RESIDENCY!
Crazy how a Scandanavian dude has the top hip hop playlist on Spotify. It's 
 rockin with the tape. LUV! Go grab PTSD right now! 
 your Instagram at the moment is actually on fire! Looking amazing lovely lady! 
Reminder that Champions of Fire will be live @ 10am est 
I'm really happy for 
Bad boy Raheem Sterling 
Loving the submissions... don’t forget to submit at 
GTA 5 Avengers: Infinity War mod in just a bit! 
 Nashville... we're spending it cozied up next to some new gear in the studio...
 Let's goooo!! Retweet if reading! It's a GREAT one tonight folks 
Join OTH and get 10% off of 
Had to do a little hype build-up for this 
 Hot off the press: “Have you seen your new profile page?” 
:: FEATURE :: 
We can't stop raving about 
WINTER TOUR 2017. Tickets selling fast, get yours at 
Fresh SHOW bats on their way to Cincinnati for 
As a part of Weekend SPL Tag and due to the THALA AJITH Fans huge Request for the Tag Celebrations 
Oh boy today’s 
The Hawks are cooking tonight 
Smokers Vid Out Now!! 
 candles: Great for fire safety, not great for a dramatic exit.
Come + support tomorrow's 
So many questions.... 
OUR KINDA MUSIC PT 5  |  OUT NOW 
Let’s All Shrug... 
On another level of incredibleness 
Get your tickets N-O-W and don't miss out 
Dappy - Straight Facts, every time I listen to this I appreciate just how amazing it is, pure class 
Here's a peep from last night's 
We're just getting started 
Go Flames Go!!! 
Our lovely BTC lantern kits are on sale now from The Royal Pavilion shop! 
New Release!! 
The Atlanta fire department stopped by for a 
 Elsie's Emergency Excitement: Volume 30
We've won...5 straight games.8 consecutive road games.15 of our last 20.Your 1st place 
According to Sixers fans, the new nickname is the "FEDS" (Fultz, Embiid, Dario, Simmons).. the FEDS are coming 
It’s goin down @ Base Dubai tonight. Dope AF club in the desert, what a great idea. Set time 1:30am
MSOC: Your Ouachita Tigers are the 2017 
Video shoot in a bit! Can't wait for 
Be prepare of My upcoming "new EP 
Another day of hard work on the road to recovery 
Listen to our new song ROOTS PARTY, watch the lyric video at 
Well it’s definitely a blazing fire 
TONIGHT  Harlem will never be the same 8pm-2am "The Harlem Renaissance" begins  
Aw yeah. Thanks so much for including us as one of the hottest startups in NYC, 
MY MAN zachstroh MADE ME THESE CUSTOM tretorn levis KICKS 
Hard to be cold when our team is this hot!
 looked sensational last night at the Billboard Women In Music gala! 
 Go get that new single i just dropped called “ Bad Luck “ 
The ‘Honey Habanero Chicken Sandwich’ exclusively at American Home Cooking 
Top Texas DB’s Train with the Best DB Coach In the US. Trent Gordon, Clay Mack, Anthony Cook, Dwight Mcglothern 
All the best Mason, we're behind you! 
San Francisco! Please welcome special guests 
Red Alert. The long awaited and much anticipated Four Kicks Maduro is now in stock.  This stick is 
Soon!!! 
WE NEED YOUR HELP! Please head over to Facebook and vote for us to win the 
’Release Yourself’ with 
My hitbox fits so well inside my bag. Also so much more room for activity! 
Check out SENIOR REGULAR SEASON!! by Montarius Sturn on 
Massive Squirt Orgasm by @vicalouqua 
We decided to drop the album on the most egotistical holiday of the year.  The soundtrack to people fighting over bullshit. 
If you are a technical writer:Take time to read the source.Again, take some time to read the source.It will make your articles the single source of truth! 
literally overwhelmed by how many great bands you just listed 
This happened in downtown Philly tonight! 
Five years on, we are back in the stadium where the flame was lit for 
Yes Sir....That 
Thanksgiving Eve finna be FAR TOO LIT this year 
It's the long weekend! What are your barbecue plans? 
Can’t wait to see this Scottsdale, AZ QB spin it on January 20th at 
Training camp just got lit 
Ladies and Gentlemen! Behold! One of our festive offerings, at the all new Winterville on Clapham Common. Starting next week, see you there! 
 Chicago! Live band set 11/25 post 
Who says staying warm can’t be sexy and sustainable? Check out some of our favs from 
It’s here!! 
If you're reading this you're a mother fucking beast 
Your favourite is back in stock
Mahalia providing those throwback R&B vibes…Full show here: 
Mr RAW! Long live the Kane
It’s Bonfires day! Listen here 
9PM Tonight !!!11.29.2017 // Season 2 EP 04
 hot new single from the stables of rare gem 
Here... Have an up close and personal shot of this Hummus and Falafel Pita with mushrooms and 
 We're wearing our teal ICON uniforms tonight - make sure to wear your teal Hornets gear to the game! 
OUT NOW!!! Trobi & 
Garage Juice returns this Friday with residents 
JERSEY CITY IS SUPER LIT 
The Black Mamba doesn't get nervous 
NEW VID IS LIVE! 
What an awesome club/crowd, thanks to everyone who came down to 
Who’s getting excited for Christmas ??? 
Madji’k "In & Out Of Love" out NOW! This Track is FIRE 
Wow. 7-out save for Wade 
Fireworks at the rugby watch live here by our 
 10 Street Commandments straight 
Woah I have some new remixes for you guys that are 
This is facts. Video dropping tomorrow 
Happy EP release day, 
It's a cold one today. Come and warm up with a curry box from 
I’m so Brooklyn, I’m so New York! As the holidays approach, the season gets real
 you were by far the best set there this year 
This Show Stopping Dress Is Sure To Turn Heads Over The Party Season 
Today I found out I was voted on the 7-5a All District Football Team as a Safety
APP red zone show will be in our school tomorrow everyone wear red and white and be ready to get rowdy 
 Still doing damage in the livesets! 
Best WR/TE core in the nation 
 These are my fav Top 10 HOA tracks of last week! 
In 2002, Opening Ceremony created its first logo, a nod to the Olympics and its ethos of global exchange. Today, Torch is here
Prepping tonights show! SO MUCH EXCITING NEW MUSIC! Get 
This will forever be my favorite song 
 EUROPE GET READY!! 
City was on fire tonight. View from the 
 yaaaaaassss for the 1st time my favourite wins. Go 
Music Video for “Who U R” feat. 
This track go crazy
HOLY SHIT THIS IS AWESOME! It’s like 
NYC Pull Up 11/2 
Headlining the 10th Jan gig at 
If the first 15 seconds got me noddin’ my head viciously and shout out “OH F*CK” repeatedly... it has to be 
The best of the best, right at your fingertips. Check out some of this week's 
En route to football... Buzzing to be one of the first to sit in the 
RDS 03/17 busy weekend. From Fundraising for the chiefs challenge to simulation of operational incidents to underpinning theory. 
I love snowing weather 
This weekend's OVERTIME is 
A long time coming, but a 
Had such a good time singing on this awesome mixtape by 
TONIGHT we celebrate the foundations of UK Hip-Hop at The Root 
Massive big healthy ass shout out to 
On my way! To get the MRI. It's time to get healthy and come back stronger than before..
“Remember remember the fifth of November...”Happy bonfire night! 
NEW SONG! IN THE LAB II
Come through w/ this Pastor Troy ministry this morning!!!  Amen! 
IF THERES AN ANIMAL IN EXISTENCE THAT VOMITS WITH EXCITEMENT, WE ARE THAT! 
Oh yh, return of mr re!! 
This week's Friction Fire is a huge one from 
Wah bhai, shashkay! On fire on & off the field these days 
Dennis Skinner unleashes the inner Beast and rips into the Tory 
For Cam, it always means a little more to beat Atlanta.Field level highlights were 
After hitting 4-of-6 from behind the arc on Tuesday, 
Next Wednesday 09.27.2017 / S2 EP02
RDS 3/17 Trainees BA week 1. Underpinning session on BAECO. Practical exercise on BA procedures. Very steep learning curve. Good effort. #
Bandage Babes we've got a treat for you!Eleanor bandage was €50 now €42.50 with the code 'EGG' here 
YESYES Badboy Selectah! Welcome back on the TL, it's been a while m8! Toronto 
November 22nd Thanksgiving Eve 
Tonight, playing for the first time in NOLA 
"I'm gonna mask a rash statement...Doug Pederson is a better NFL coach than Andy Reid." - 
Glad to be back to the real Family  West oaks Academy 
So incredibly proud of our good friend... let's go 
When your goalkeeper is the most skilful player on the team 
THE COUNTDOWN IS ON ! 
Fighting for working families, and fired up! 
Mrs Mangan speaks truth 
Another one from EDC Las Vegas last weekend with 
Tonight!!!
 The Art Of Golf Game Improvement App is now on Kickstarter and you can still get in on their Early Bird Perks! 
new sound demo of THYME done by just touching floating input jack and tweaking some knobs 
 My favourite set from last night! On fire 
Bigg!!!! Go run and get it 
Marvellous Caine - CB4 
En route to Gatwick.. Copenhagen bound for 
Aussies win the first 2 hours. 
The most recent Pentagon Faceslap shoe on 
Fifth Harmony bb aaaaaaaaaaaah 
SENIOR NIGHT tomorrow! Big games against WR Manhattan and Lawrence! Starting at 5! Rowdy Bunch see you there! 
This is what you all asked for...Playing 
Pre-sale tickets for Vicar Street are now SOLD OUT!!!
Get your Squeezy on! It's 
I'm gonna be on 
Metal & Prog top picks this month include 
It's all about Chicago's finest, 
BRISTOL... We're coming 
Marcus Allen having a Big Year in Finland drops 35 points last night
Seeing these skills on the regular is our honour, Jack. 
Remember, remember the 5th November...because our video for Bonfires is out 
New Freezer video FINALLY HERE!! 
Yoooo austin that show was fucking crazy!!!!! 
Yo late s/o 2 
TONIGHT: Denver has experimental bass master 
Saints Never Surrender - Lost To Time 
I feel like Nicki and Beyoncé are both about to drop that 
Salute & Respect sir! 
SHIP YOUR SACK FOR FREE!USE CODE: FREESHIPPING at checkout to redeem today's special offer!! This will only be valid for domestic purchases!Head over to 
Cumbia // Latin // Tropical Bass // Gypsy // Balkan Brass // Tropical Funk // High life // Disco // Bassline // Garage // Jungle 
So good bro's 
Oiiiiii new promos I just got from 
 Amazing. We just SOLD OUT the Globe Theatre in Los Angeles with 
The trio with their medals! 
 Shimmering oil and scrub going out! 
serious price drop on the off-white Drift Tank in my web store. perfect for those 
It's Triple Thirsday! 2shows &Cabaret 
Just thinking about last weekend &  how 
63: GOAL FOR 
 Me Voy TROOKO remix
"Riot Shield" by 
Fire fusion & freestylin
This kid right here is special. He is that dude the Top alpha dog of all alpha dogs in 6A    
My favourite MC. Lightyears ahead 
I found some sizzle on set. 
GF & VEGAN falafels with beetroot hummus & crispy chickpeas for 
Don’t panic! Listen to the whole 
Duo recreates BTS & EXO's MV with zero budgetThanks 
Tonight at 9, our lineup is 
THE BEST PIRATE RADIO SET OF ALL TIME IS OUT TO BUY NOW! 
a bit of pancake feet live at the paris show 
Another week, another banging show 
noahpetersenmusic rocking our OVRDOSE hoodie 
1 DAY LEFT.... ARE YOU READY?
Star wars battlefront 2 tomorrowwwww 
 Today we completed our seed funding!! - we'll be adding Designers, Photographers and Animators to Easle - Thank you all for your support!
Just a selection of sweatshirts  from the 150 items added to the site today! 
Are you ready for tonight? You know is 
O N  T O U R 
it's here!! You can get your 
Lose yourself in the music... and step into da club 
Next Move London date this month 10th November 2017
IRISH CUP CHAMPIONS WHAT YOU AT 
Three more professional chefs have become MasterChef quarter-finalists...
Dropping some fire on my instagram soon. Stay tuned
We've made sure that our crews are on standby today for Harry and Meghan's visit as apparently they're set to be the hottest couple in town! 
I want some Say Hi in my life
First game goes to Ninjas with the score 16:9 
We are ready for 2018, BRING IT ON! 
Tonight - it's free - there's free beverages - large up line up - do the math . 
They're calling the color "Nirvana Blonde"—and we have all the secrets behind it 
 After demolishing Real Madrid last night, are 
Don’t hate me because I’m an escort, hate me because your dad loves it. 
Fire alarms were going off here at Rupp Arena. I mean, we are shooting better than 50 percent for the third straight game ... 
Nate .B’s first Music Video is gonna hot
mastersperformingarts    my FIRST YEARS aren't playing!!! Ignite Show 2017 
OUT NOW !!Part 1 of 
For those of you who haven't seen it yet @primeparksessions is absolutely on 
68,000 People out of 75,000 Spaces available Were Present At 
Three more chefs have cooked their way to Knockout Week. 
What are you going to write or draw with your sparklers?   Enjoy bonfire night this weekend.  
Come party with us one last time 
Introducing the boy that arches like a beast 
Breakbeat and Bass music fans! 
It’s going down at DECADANCE tonight /w 
Getting ready for Blazing squad tonight in the 
Bummed I didn’t know 
I'm takin over the airwaves on 
Who the hell is Jack Harlow? Someone tell that dude his music is 
Hoss, did you hear? New 
call it ignorant, but this gummo by 6ix9ine is straight 
Timeout with 2:44 remaining in the half. Skyforce trail the Vipers 51-45. McCree leads with 12 pts, Mitchell follows with 10! 
THIS IS TONIGHT YOU SHOULD COME IT'S GONNA BE SO AWESOME 
I never get tired of watching Cardi B. win...
Great show!!! More on Wednesday! Back at 
F I N A L Five players in double figures tonight
What 11 months of hard work looks like  
Alabama wins - SEC West ChampsAuburn wins - SEC West ChampsThe Iron Bowl is gonna be  
Salah, De Bruyne and Hazard in the same team? 
T O N I G H T 
Done! They are so cool
Do you want to live an inspiring 
This will get a dad motivated!!!! My son classichosoi landing it before me!!! 
Ain’t no podium like a junior podium. 
Big W 4 Lady Cougars! They were 
hey guys!here is the preview of my new remix for 
Haha We made a classic!! 
“TAKE IT AS IT IS – MUSIC IS SOMETHING TO ENJOY” Read the full story with Spanish trap sensation 
Austin,Texas let get ready 
Zilla Entry 2 of 2 TodayRace 8 Finger Lakes
Never forget this one, 
Somebody get this guy a mint 
Counting down our Top 10 Tracks of the Year today 
Battle Gear for tonight's game. F-5 Color Rush! 
ANOTHER WICKET! Canterbury are on fire 
This jacket Martin got on.. MY NIGGA
November 24th. Drop everything and listen. 
Great 30 yard strike from Crystal Palace man and 
Flare presents: back to basics!With drinks from £1 and some of Edinburghs best DJ's 
A little fire for yall 
Everybody's down on their knees... 
Guess what? Another KHRN highlight! This guy is on fire today 
Afro B x Skengdo x AM 
Cruiser Update: You'll find me 
Is scissoring a thing? Lmao 
FK A GENRE SAN DIEGO tn with hellllaaa homies
TWO BIG GIGS THIS WEEKEND
SUPA HOT FIRE IS BACKK 
LOVE this pic, thank you @latitudeandlipstick 
“Nigga thought he was cool but you still negro” 
Won the Georgia Lottery Mega Millions and became the newest, oldest face in hip hop. Stream my 
DNB Art Form going off in Nottingham.......
Check out the link below to see RNN's latest!!  Don't forget to like us on Fusfoo!!
This lucky fan is taking home 
The Scottish crowds are magical. Edinburgh tickets nearly all gone, it’s gonna be a wild night 
60 World Renowned DJ's!6 Days & Nights of House Hedonism! 
It’s going down at the DC Eagle TONIGHT with 
ride into the weekend bumping G-WORTHY's debut 
Bonus scene! Cam missed the competition, but she still came to share the love before prom. Take a look at her 
Your vibe attracts your tribe 
See Corbyn brings some of that trademark 
But this Tshwara song bafethu
Yo Minsk! Have you been waiting for this? 
MIC DROP IS TOO LITT I JUST ALMOST PASSED OUT 
E V A  R I N G 
Finally the Christmas tune is about to drop 
 you gonna blow up with this one
We may need to run (not walk) to your kitchen wingspanwellness because this stack looks 
The first of our U12s Reward Session tonight 
 yo i fucks with burning man 
 !If you are an Elite Member I recommend to turn my notifications on! If you're not what you waiting for? 
Low Ki in early to mid-2002 was the primary reason a lot of us were buying dvds. 
BuzzFeed to Debut Interactive Dating Show on Facebook Watch - excited for this one!! 
Canberra! It's time to learn the secrets to amazing 'Low & Slow' barbecue at home with the Southern Hemispheres' only Weber Grill Specialist 
The official Art Work "Feed Back" by Rey Macc.. Designed by 
TONIGHT IT'S GONNA GET SERIOUS w/ 
The next 3 headliners for our secret warehouse rave in Birmingham have been announced! Joining us are 
Oh yes, Oh yes!Mr. Carl Cox 
On saturday I experienced some “Horsepower” in the end of my set. What a bomb from R&S records back in the days 
BRANDON RANDOLPH WITH THE DUNK 
Blazers cup was lit ! S/o 
Got a super sweet show to announce tomorrow 
"In place of the existing rules... the FCC would 'simply require Internet service providers to be transparent about their practices.'"From strong oversight to the honor system. DEMAND THE FCC MAINTAIN 
I appreciate I'm biased but today's 
BACK IN STOCK! Lip Plumping Glosses are back and $5 each! Get 'em while you still can- they're a 
Thank you so much for making them look epic!! 
 ...You bodied this track! Good work.
January 18th is getting closer every day!! And our new 
I feel like Vatiswa Ndara's role on Home Affairs will always be iconic, though it didn't get that recognition it reserved 
We have a VERY special show in London on Tues 12th Dec - we want to see you all there 
Yo last night was a movie 
34 games37 goalsLeo Messi will be presented with his fourth European Golden Shoe today in Barcelona 
Crews on the scene at a barn fire near Bourne 
Kid Cudi's next album will be "strictly" produced by Kanye West 
24th and 25th November.. this...!!! 
TONIGHT! The dons 
Let’s get lit because Black Friday starts right now! 
