The tree is up! Christmas countdown is on 
Wouldn't it be great if Mr Underbed by 
Busy week ahead. Big meeting, loads of training & I'm going to start building my recording studio. After far too long away I'm going to start writing music again. Synthtastic. The end of 2017 has been action packed. Roll on the holidays. 
!!HOLIDAY SALE!!!
Honest opinions - when is it acceptable to put up your Christmas tree? 
We love the feel of the Hotel at Christmas.. Log Fires, Cosy Corners & Great Food ... whose joining us this weekend? 
Want access to our Holiday Open House on Monday? It's an exclusive event for My Pelicans Members but the good news is you can join My Pelicans today! Membership is FREE! Monday includes 
Bluey the Elf is hard at work this morning! He's busy packing up today's Christmas cards & calendar orders for dispatch
 has been at it again. New artwork for Christmas 
Struggling to save some cash this Christmas? Check out our top tips to keep you afloat over the festive period 
It’s almost December! Whether you prefer densely packed or stylishly sparse, frosted tips or LED lights, make sure you set the scene this season with one of our 
We've got our Christmas tree up and Christmas tunes playing in the office today! 
Join us this Saturday for Xmas hand wreaths! What a great craft for the kids to decorate the house this winter. Free 11-3pm all welcome 
44 gifts every beauty lover needs in their stocking this Christmas 
Join us next, Friday December 8th 
Bingo, paper hats, winter warmers and a toe-tapping good time 
We had our first Christmas lunch of the year today! Call us to book your three course lunch, just £20.95pp (min numbers of 20 guests) 
So proud of Group 101 - you've pulled out all the stops to make this the best Christmas ever!! Well done to everyone - Merry Christmas 
The ultimate Christmas candles are back. Shop the 
We’ve gift ideas for all the family in our winter issue including these lovely presents for pets from 
Stocking filler gift ideas 
It’s today! ITS TODAY! Come down and shop with Etsy Team Leeds at the City Museum from 11-4. Goodies bags for the first through the door and a free fun festive photo booth 
Holidays are here! Who doesn’t love a vegan leather skirt!!! Obssessed with this outfit! Check out 
We’re writing a blog about the Christmas gifts the trades would LOVE to get this year. Do tweet us what’s on your list 
Great Christmas event and Fog Lane switch on tonight. Well done to 
We are holding a Christmas Fayre at St. David’s High School Thursday 14th December. 5.30-7.30 if anyone is interested in having a stall on the evening please get in touch with Amber on 01244 671583 
It’s lit! 
Deck the doors... Communications team are getting our  
See you all this morning at the annual QAGOMA Store Christmas Markets 
NEW: Blogmas Day 3 | 30 things that make me happy at Christmas 
Are you attending Oxford's Christmas Light Festival 
There are only two chances left to join the Bunker family for crackers & calamities in this week's "unmissable" 
Are you joining us tonight at City South for our light switch on event in aid of 
Yaaaaay Christmas month eve! (Because yes, in my life Christmas is a full month) 
Why not join us with your loved ones over the Christmas holidays for our seasonal menu? Enjoy the cosy surroundings whilst we take care of the rest... 
Have you booked your Christmas Party night yet?We are now taking bookings for our Christmas Party Nights. Delicious food, great music in fantastic surroundings. Book your place today. 
“We’re in full festive mode at the Basketball Performance Centre – do you like our tree?” 
Support our free Santa’s Grotto by giving a little to our fund 
We reckon a great gift to give this Christmas is one for our flightless friends. Donate a tree to help us restore hoiho habitat for only $6 
INTRODUCING: The Reader Christmas Card! 
Merry Christmas to everyone and their loved ones. God bless you with the best. 
Fancy a £5,000 spending spree? Keep listening to find out how you can win a 
Our free craft sessions across our libraries are great ideas for school holiday fun. Check them out today 
Ladies 1st team Christmas night 
Christmas has started in therapeutic care , choir and school children confirmed for Christmas parties on elderly care 
Only 2 days to go until our 
New holiday beer on tap
 winner and runners up!!! Brill morning 
How to decorate your home this Christmas whilst on a budget 
When you go grocery shopping, sneak a peek at Co-Op's Festive Solutions Guide! It will fill you with holiday cheer and it's chock full of good deals (including your favourite gelato) 
Happy Friday from Eddie & Chris Moose! 
ONLINE CLOTHING TRY-ON HAUL (WINTER 2017) 
Two more days before the official start of the Christmas season!!
Lots of special packages being sent today from Santa's Elves & 
Calling all Christmas shoppers! The 
mom: you can’t watch the second season of Stranger Things in one day me: ... 
Tis the festive season! 
We’re kicking of the start of December with a fantastic 
Struggling on what to buy everyone this Christmas? Then not to fear, our gift guide is here!
Happy 1st of December!It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas at Buckingham Palace – see the final look next week. 
Our annual ‘Matt hauls a tree shot’ (shout out to 
It’s that time of year again...Writing about Christmas parties and how to survive them 
We say it's definitely ok to get Christmassy! 
To thank our supporters in 2017 our digital Advent Calendar has just launched with a special offer available each day. Be sure to check back daily until December 24! 
Harvard Sailing Team sketch comedy troupe shall play-act a variety of holiday delights tonight during our eight o'clock skit programme at Nerdist! The cost for entrance is five dollars. Come!
And things are starting to look festive at the 
Megan did her 1st Skydive to raise money for 
You can get 15% off your Bath Tour tickets with code "market15" for the duration of the 
Tuck in his new Santa’s Little helper pjs haha First time he’s had them on. More pics and videos of him in these this month till Christmas 
Free room hire for Christmas parties on Mon/Tues/Weds nights here at BFR! 
Thank you so much for all your kind words about Imagine! You can buy physical CDs, digital downloads and stream the 
This is spectacular. Why buy a Christmas jumper when you can get a suit 
Not quite so healthy but definitely getting us in the 
Moët and Chandon makes the perfect Christmas gift for wine lovers. $49.99. 
Did you know that every time you 
Buying Christmas gifts for a wrestling fan? Our friends at 
Ye waited to get our backs turned after me and Arder doing the early shift
We’ve been in our Covent Garden store this morning prepping some very special festive nail art 
Super proud of the awesome job all of my Fashion Design Ss did on their handmade ornaments for our class Christmas 
Holiday season is officially underway! 
Join us for a festive day at 
Colleagues and I are collecting **new** gifts for the women and children who will be spending this Christmas in 
Have you been Naughty or Nice?? Come celebrate our ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY on 12/15/17 with us!… 
Happy December 1st! Don't forget, our Christmas lights switch on is happening at 4pm in Library Square today! 
Adopt our marine family this Christmas 
I spy with my little eye....
Wow! Some Christmas 
Christmas ghost story at this lovely local theatre 
Planning for Black Friday? Join our Guest List or get an area with us this Friday and receive a complimentary Christmas cocktail for you and your party! QUOTE: ‘Complimentary Christmas Cocktail’ when booking 
We’re all set to take to the stage in Southport with 
Merry Christmas everyone! 
Our tree is up for the Festival of Christmas Trees 
Countdown to Christmas has finally begun with 
Absolutely over the moon to announce our debut album goes on sale next week. We get to spend Christmas 
We surveyed the country and found that 77% of people think that the festive season is not complete without Christmas lights! 
We'd love to invite you to our family friendly
Get a jump start on Christmas shopping! The annual 
It's almost that time of year… 
11 sleeps 'till our amazing 
The official programmes are here! It’s getting very real... 
It is indeed, and it's making us feel very festive! 
So here’s what the band is up to over the festive season 
Do you like a blue and gold colourway for your 
10 ways to prepare your home for the 
A big thank you to all of our fantastic exhibitors who are at 
Next Wednesday is the deadline for our Christmas Treble Auditions! 
 Dreaming of a stress-free Christmas? Just like the one you've never known? Sounds like you need to meet our Traditional Christmas Box...Click here to solve Christmas: 
The lovely ukulele players are entertaining the crowd at the second day of our Christmas Fair! Open til 8pm - come and enjoy some festive late night shopping 
Is there anything more Christmassy than watching "The Santa Clause" in my Christmas pjs whilst eating Terrys Chocolate Orange? 
We are selling Nordmann Fir, Norway Spruce, Fraser Fir and Potted Christmas Trees 
It's December now. So you will have to deal with this name until 2018 OKKAYYY 
 Christmas in LCR - Unfortunately the Women's Leadership Group aren't feeling the festive fun, maybe it's all the no's we've had from the 
Break out the hot cocoa! 
I’ve such a wonderful evening at the 
Just one one of our warming stations @ the 12/1 & 12/2 Christmas Celebration! 
Just 1 day to go...
 comes and goes, but the magical memories stay with us forever. Here, Paul and Jenna share their story of Paul’s recreation of the 12 days of Christmas for their first wedding anniversary. Enter your own story for the chance to win £250: 
Happy December 1st - before thinking about wrapping presents or getting your Grandmother's best Turkey recipe, you need to choose a Christmas Tree. 3 to 7ft Trees are available to buy from 
 We're switching on Christmas! 
’Tis the season to be a blessing and to be blessed
Are manger and project editors are sending out CDs from people who ordered
 A closer look at the work of the Salvation Army Parkhead, charity partner of this year's 
It was a great day celebrating the holiday season at our employee family party. 
GHS pupil Jasmin performing at the Christmas light switch on in Falkirk 
Parents: December is a-go, get to your battle stations!Don't forget to ask in club to sign your little ones up to our amazing Christmas parties 
Important & very true this time of year 
Today is our FIRST Nationality Rooms Holiday Hunt! 
FAIRLY excited about our first evening show of Snow White and Rose Red tonight. Come and party with us please 
Currently editing the first half of the 
Volleyball Christmas Dinner! 
Here’s our tree for the Christmas Tree Festival 2017 at the Crooked Spire Chesterfield. All of the trees look amazing. Be sure to visit 
 Make Christmas one to remember, with a visit to the brand new ice skating rink in the grounds of 
Big demand for the Christmas Dinner 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! The Annual NHS Regional Carol Service will take place on Wednesday 6 December 2017 at York Minster. Doors open at 6.30pm, with the service commencing at 7.30pm. The service is open to everyone and is free to attend. Please R/T 
Thanks to all you who joined our first 2017 festive shopping event we loved seeing so many of you 
He's arrived and is waiting in the wings 
Happy advent everyone. Now, according to ancient rules laid down by my mum, you can eat mince pies and listen to Christmas songs. 
Good morning everyone! It's the second of December which means it's 2nd day of the resilience 
It's officially the most wonderful time of the year! 
Get into the holiday spirit with these fun gingerbread books and delicious cookie recipes! 
Tired of tennis balls being destroyed in minutes? Check out our range of super tough toys 
Beginning to feel a lot like 
22nd November at our Tettenhall shop 
Why so mad? It's almost Christmas!!!
Holiday ornaments and gifts galore at pm gallery @pmgallerygal for Holiday Hop 
Officer Challenge.  Don't let us sneak up on your valuables! Have a safe  
JUST OVER AN HOUR TO GO 
Last weekend of groups for the year, get your Santa hats on!
We’re working on our float for tomorrow’s parade! Look out for us, our 
Take a look at this band update on our website - looking forward to a packed Christmas season! 
A HUGE thank you to the lovely lady who saw me struggling to carry the Christmas tree home & gave me a lift in her car. Anouschka - you are an Angel! 
Buy the book readers are calling the ‘Christmas read of the year!’ CHRISTMAS AT CONWENNA COVE by 
!  Which type of advent calendar do you most prefer?  
Surrey Advent: Day 
 Hey guys, I’m dropping into London on 9th December at a secret location and am running a… 
Hope you’ve all been practicing your Christmas Acts if you signed up to audition.  Remember it has to have a Christmas theme.  Auditions are this week 
 Would love for you to download this new Christmas song I recently wrote and let me know what you think!!
Love this photo! Nicky is kindly manning our stall at the 
These are literally favourite Mr Kipling cakes to eat I wait all year round for Christmas to get 
Here's 101 festive things to do this 
Edspacers and friends!  Will you be joining us for the 
First: Halloween. Next: CHRISTMAS! Head to FB to get a sneak preview of our new Festive Drinks range!
We’re about to get full on festive in The Little Deli
 Christmas at Paultons is officially OPEN for 2017!!
Well it is the 1st December after all... warm cranberry muffins for tea break
Head over to our Facebook page for the full album of 
For a Christmas Without Borders
Join Mayor Mo Marsh 
It's the most wonderful time of the year & 'Everyday Is Christmas' is here to make it even better! 
Experience some of the traditions of A Victorian Christmas on Sat 2 Dec | Fun for families with craft activities, trails and games! 
GOING HOME FOR THE HOLIDAYS? 
I had a wonderful time at the Fallowfield Christmas Lights switch on last night with the 
 | Planning your Christmas party? Check out what's on at 
Added up how much I spent at BNE finders keepers today & it was definitely not nothing 
Discover the origins of A Christmas Carol and how Dickens gave birth to the Christmas we know and love today with 
Next door is getting festive and so are we 
Time to listen to the best Christmas song! 
me after pressing play on the first Christmas song of the season 
It's the first weekend of the 
Just a little over a week of voting remains! Vote every day to help us win The Best Theme Park Holiday Event! 
If by chance, you weren’t on Twitter yesterday - here are the highlights from 
December 6th ... Drop into our main lobby for a warm drink and treat, bring the kids to do a Christmas craft and check out our wonderful 
Join us this holiday season with some tasty treats; like the Captain Crunch and Strawberry Milkshakes featured here! 
Late night opening hours commence this Monday 4th December until 9pm every weeknight 
Day 1 was Cradling, Day 2 was Scooping, and Today is Throwing. All in the 5-Day 
Join us during the Christmas period this year and feast on our Christmas Rodizio
 Video: Previewing A Dog Day in December, the SandRidge Santa Run and more 
New issue coming soon...
Happy Advent! Let's kick off the Christmas countdown by looking forward to more snow...These snow goggles from our collection are a relic of Sir John Franklin's Arctic expedition of 1845-48.
Sneak Peek At Whats Under the Tree
Tune-in TONIGHT LIVE, Wed, Nov 29 at 8PM ET as 
NEW: One Year Blog Anniversary 
H A P P Y 
Just Announced-- Hip-hop legend, 
Love seeing our spectacular giant
I have been so busy the past 2 days getting ready for my 12 Days Of Christmas!! I am SO EXCITED!!!
It's officially the most wonderful time of the year 
We're lighting up this baby tonight at 9pm! Come down and bask in the LED glow 
Holding off on your Christmas Shopping? 
Ho ho ho! Come and see us at 
LAST CHANCE: Don't forget - this Sunday's game 
Deck the halls with Virtual Reality 
Festive feels at the new Winterlast 
Looking for tips on festive baking? 
It’s officially the holiday season! Celebrate with the ultimate holiday beer- Back Home Gingerbread Stout. 
It’s time to care this Christmas 
A rare Tree Mancini card at this year’s 
One big, happy family. 
We're SO EXCITED for our Christmas Lights Switch On this Thursday! Enjoy our sneaky peek of some of our special guests coming to join in the Switch On...! 
It’s Christmas Hope time 
The countdown to Christmas has begun!  What do you hope to see under the Christmas tree this year? 
 The Tree has arrived at City Hall! Don't miss the Mayor's Tree Lighting this Saturday night! For more info, please visit: 
All set up at Carmel College Christmas Fayre. Come find us for perfect Christmas gifts 
Getting together a pile of seasonal reading. New reads for us by 
Our renowned choristers are taking a new musical direction this Christmas, as guest singers on seasonal single “Merry Christmas” by award-winning prog rock band 
First thing I see when I open my phone...I’m still waking up but that’s red, right? So festive!!!! 
With just 10 days to go, meet Princess Apricot! 
OMG make this holiday casualty worthwhile by getting tickets to 
Festive Fun Fun Fun!! 
We love this! Well done Beryl 
The moment our Christmas tree at Waterloo opened up! Thanks to everyone who worked throughout the night to bring some festive joy to travellers through Waterloo this winter 
The Christmas Fair is in full swing with free tours all day. Check out our insta stories for live updates 
 Fancy a family ticket to the rock 'n' roll panto Red Riding Hood at 
’s Christmas Single is out. Proceeds to 
From the Christmas Market to the Christmas Record Fair, Christmas at 
Look out for our December issue on newsstands next Thursday 
Last night’s OMAzing 
Representing at the Encinitas Holiday Parade! 
Merry Christmas from the Friends of Winckley Square! Enjoy our festive copy of the 'Twinckley Square Times' 
Embrace the season with Cirque Dreams Holidaze all weekend long at the Fox! We strongly encourage guests to arrive early, as there are several events happening in The 
I'm bad at self-promotion, but FYI: Everything in my 
Had an amazing time with some incredible people!!
The tree. At home, thanks to 
We're taking over the whole of 
Come and join us at Carols at the Cove this Saturday 2nd December. Come and be entertained by Skipton brass band, playing seasonal favourites in the awe-inspiring setting of Malham Cove. Free entry. Mulled wine and mince pies available. 
You’re bringing the cheer to the party this year. 
Wish we could go back 24 hours and enjoy 
We started decorating early this year
Psst, enjoy festive ready furniture for less with £100 off when you spend £500 or more. Just use code RELAX 
December 1st! Definitely getting closer..... 
I have foolishly put together a 'scratch choir' to sing carols at the AWT Xmas Fayre tomorrow. We'll be getting into the festive groove from 2 pm! 
Our secrets out .... !! The unbelievably talented , Irish duo 
Happy 1st of December everyone! The Christmas tree is up
Less than 50 days till 
Instead of sending Christmas cards this year some of our team are collecting for 
Started the month and my weekend well with a chocolate advent, thank you 
Keeping up the Christmas themed tweets! 
Our 1st tree! 
We're looking forward to the 
What kind of advent calendar have you got this year? We love our YOU Beauty AC but we had to have chocolate too! 
We have had such a fun and festive night attending this years Christmas Experience at 
Our Christmas singers are really looking forward to this event this evening! 
'Tis the season for family and major awards. 
one of our favourite festive date nights - checking out the Christmas trees (& supporting 
Want to have a living advent calendar in your town? 
Oh Christmas tree!
Kings Head Street Christmas Market this Sunday 
Come along to our Christmas Market and Elves workshop this weekend at Rushden, and take part in lots of free festive activities for children! 
Trivia night topics tonight are...
Less than two weeks till our 
 Market, Christmas Lights Switch On and Santa Parade all happening in 
Oh my goodness, Christmas is around the corner! 
Can’t wait for Christmas 
New WE BARE BEARS CHRISTMAS SPECIAL tonight! "THE PERFECT TREE" premieres at 7:30pm on 
it's SO close! NOT SO SILENT NIGHT Ticket Tag NEXT on 
Planning a holiday party? Make the most of your plans- ask our Event Sales team about the Monday-Thursday party incentives! We'll make sure that your event is jolly and bright 
Don’t get hypnotized by the cute dog!  ***Remember*** if you see something suspicious during your shopping adventure, give us a call. We might catch a grinch together. 
 That time of the year, it's finally here,to be thankful and merry and also to cheer.Onboard there will be Punch served to you,with Christmassy smiles by our charming crew. 
Starting to feel just a little bit festive. 
Who got tickets to our Christmas party??! 
Hey!! Go check out all things 
Left it too late to get your usual chocolate 
Enjoy a festive fun evening at 
Thinking of what to get your favorite poker fan for the holidays? Lock up the perfect gift today! 
Soggy walk- definitely miss wellies as it's my hands in the mud!Wispa is out selecting xmas trees...
This day last year I was eating cake in a deliciously frosty Vienna. All in the name of research of course. 
Taking the holiday season to another level this year thanks to the 
Things are starting to sparkle at McMaster Children's! 
Put the Christmas tree up today. Yay!! 
It's looking ever so Christmassy here at 
Only in RI... “Road Trip!” 
CashforKidsNI: RT coolfm: THANK YOU! SantaDashBfast was the biggest yet. Over 700 of you joined us and covered Belfast's streets in a sea of red
Celebrate the festive season with a  Bottle of Wine and Patsy Cline at 
Biggest Christmas tree in Camden? 
Countdown to Christmas.. If you had a choice, what would you rather get for Christmas? 
Anyone else excited to open the 1st door on their 
It's finally December! 
Getting ready to decorate the Christmas 
WINTER GEAR is here!!!! Order some swag this week and get it in time for Christmas! 
It maybe cold & dreary but the Christmas Market is making us warm and cheery!!. Opening tmrw & there's a special preview evening for residents TONIGHT 5-7pm!. Also if you have a Discovery Card you will be able to enjoy exclusive discounts & promotions 
Are you ready for tomorrow's new post? Catch up with my latest now! 
We start serving our amazing 
 Join us for our Improv Comedy Christmas Party! 
Looking forward to a festive edition of Live At The Chapel tonight! with Live At The Chapel With Rob Delaney + Joe Wilkinson + Lolly Adefope + Ed Gamble + festive choir 
Y’all in for a treat this Christmas 
Last chance to win a lovely signed copy of 
The festive season is almost upon us - Edinburgh’s Christmas opens Friday at 5pm! 
Christmas has arrived at the Fundraising Hub! We have lots of decorations and are open 10-3pm! 
!!HOLIDAY SALE!!
Yay, it's December! Are you ready for some Christmas-themed resources?We've got you covered with this selection of 
It’s definitely beginning to feel like Christmas! 
Is it time for Christmas shopping? 
A reminder that our Christmas Market is taking place tomorrow 
A few skyline blues members after performing last night at the Graduate Hotel tree lighting! 
And... It's December! 
 We're getting into the spirit of giving this holiday season with a TON of giveaways in the month of December!Get excited for The Twelve Days of 
Sat 2nd December I Will Be @ 
There are just 48 hours left to help decorate our 
Can you believe it's only 9 weeks until Christmas? That means just under 5 weeks until 
Greater Hudson Valley Links 
A lovely evening at the Hungry Guest in Petworth. 
Christmas Tree brownie anyone? 
City workers doing a great job putting the lights on the Christmas tree!! 
Excellent festive gifting for others; - 
 It’s time to put up your 
Santa is busy resting up before heading to opnorthpole this Saturday! 
We’re ready!! Are you?? See you in the market square at 4.40pm and 5.30pm! 
Spot Santa’s little helpers starting to get ready for Christmas 
Are You Ready for the Holiday Season? WE ARE!! 
  looking suitably festive last night at the light switch on 
I haven’t posted a makeup look for a while BUT I’ve just posted my first Christmas look over on Instagram 
Can’t rave about this enough! Santa is fab and there’s lots of lovely activities. A truly magical Christmas 
Carols by Candlelight Wed 13th Dec 6-8pm in aid of St. Francis Hospice 
I promised y’all last week I had a surprise! Now that we’re getting ready for the holidays, head on over to my store for 50% off my holiday ornament 
Our first Christmas tree is up! Sneak peek at the goodies decorating Team 
Quick! Come see National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation at IMAX before it's gone! Playing tonight, Thursday, November 30 to Sunday, December 3. Get your tickets and see showtimes at 
It's Day 2 of our 
We have been busy making Christmas themed retro explosion boxes. These make a fab Xmas present for everyone 
Have you bought your tickets for the PTA Christmas Dinner Dance? Fri 15th Dec 
It's Beginning to look like 
The Legends Christmas Lunch is almost here..Very limited places are still available for the event, which is sponsored by 
 atmosphere at The Festival of Christmas Trees 
Santa's Workshop is NOW OPEN! It's now open every day up until Christmas Eve with tickets costing £6.95 per child. Look no further for the ultimate Christmas experience 
**Area museum switches over to it's 
Neither, it’s Father Christmas...Santa is an American version...there is only one Father Christmas 
Live music,  art,
Toi toi toi to all the cast & crew 
Year 11 Charity Appeal for Friends of Essex and London Homeless is gradually building momentum! 
Get into the festive spirit with your flatmates at the Plymouth Christmas light switch on - from 4pm today. 
Put some thought into your gift. Send it early. Use tracking. Be nice to the Elves. Have fun. Don’t be a downer. Spread joy 
Today is the day! Find our 
You only have 4 full weekends left to do your Christmas shopping! Don't panic though, we have something for everyone. Pop up for a visit, enjoy a hot chocolate and let us help sort out the Christmas presents!  We are open 10 till 4 every weekend
It's November! 
What an epic week! Thanks 
 It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Penrith! We have our Will tree and property tree displayed in our windows to represent some of the areas we specialise in Penrith 
 MATCHROOM POOL ADVENT CALENDAR 
On a very wet and windy week 9 of 
Ho, ho, ho, Four weeks to go
Take our quiz and find out which era you should look to for some festive inspiration! 
Anyone else feeling the Christmas vibes?
 - time to get our baubles out again 
Feeling flamboyant? Explore our unconventional decorations for a tree that will turn heads this Christmas 
Awesome lil Christmas game - and we promise not to play it in the pub
P3 getting into the Christmas spirit just in time for our Christmas Fayre TOMORROW 10-12!! Lots of fabulous raffle prizes, P7 luxury hamper and gifts/products made by every child in the school as part of their enterprise activity! 
 ready for a fun day out in Pentrechwyth. Come join us for hot drinks and BBQ, take home a Free Christmas tree 
 Oxfam's Fill Your Own crackers on 
Looking for a fun holiday read? 
And... starts RIGHT NOW! 
*sniff, sniff*I smell fresh cut family. There must be at least one tree lot open already, somewhere in HRM! 
The John Lewis Christmas advert is here! Who else loves 
it's almost that time of year again!!
Christmas is just around the corner ... if you are running out of time 
Books make the best Christmas gifts...We'll be sharing the first of our curated gift guides later today 
At downtown Reykjavik our shop is ready for Christmas!
Every child loves jammies - this holiday season give all kids a chance to dream BIG! Donate PJs to Pyjama Patrol 
Get your aprons on for these Christmas bakes! 
Surprise! This week we have two giveaways: We’re giving away two pairs of tickets to 
The code of elves: Treat everyday like Christmas 
Welcome Home Peggy! Bringing Home My Kitten 
Passwords are crucial to securing your business accounts and networks. Don’t be a fool, secure your passwords and have a 
Looking forward to our annual Shopping evening where you can grab some unique gifts. Look forward to seeing you all there. 
Thanks for a great morning at our Mount Greenwood Branch!
Our 12 Days of Xmas event is coming soon 
We’re getting into the Christmas spirit 
Just Announced! Join us for the special
Feeling festive AND lucky? Book to stay with us during the festive season & you could WIN a free night (or a bottle of 
About to watch The Holiday 
I just put a TON of photos from behind the scenes of various 
Looks like Santa (aka Denman Place Dental) brought toothbrushes and floss for our youth at 
Enjoyed a festive Saturday. First, Party in the Park. 
Give the perfect Christmas gift with a handmade touch!
 5 days to Dec... and our countdown of the big festive highlights in 
For one night only!!! We’ve got mulled wine at Jamie’s Italian Westfield, come and get your hands around a warming wine and get into the spirit 
HAVE YOUR SAY and vote on your favourite Chrismas 
Grinch and an actual "Old Max". Listen to the full interview with 
If anyone is replacing their Christmas tree this year - don’t get rid of your old one. We (Cain Theatre) will take it.  
Launching our Christmas in the Community programme this year is the 
A fun evening out to round off Heart Team Day last night and seeing the launch of 
Adopt an animal with Born Free this Christmas 
We're broadcasting our Christmas spectacular, Our Christmas Gift live at 3pm & 7.30pm AEDT 
 Its beginning to look a lot like 
We've also got some of these cuties 
Great turnout for the Xmas Lights Switch On. Thanks so much 
COMPETITION TIME!!!Below is a sneak peek of tomorrow's 'Eleventh Day of Christmas' picture. 
St Pancras is already my favourite station in London, but the addition of this striking Christmas Tree by the station’s very own luxury florist 
LAST CHANCE! There's not long left to enter Day 2 of our Advent 
Hurry up morning!!! 
It's so nearly there! 
Have you checked out our holiday season designs yet? Click here -> 
And the countdown begins....no, no, no! We're not talking about the Christmas 
It's time to open the first door in 
CHRISTMAS PARTY NIGHTS AT TULLYGLASS
‘You are not failing at Christmassy parenting just because you haven’t hand-sewn an advent calendar out of sheep wool you’ve flown in from Nazareth.’ My blog post from this time last year: The Unnecessary Pressure of Christmas 
Happy December! Hope you can join us for lunch this holiday season Chatham-Kent! 
Meet your elf: Hairball the elf aka Santa’s helper. Taking calls, delivering trees and making sure Christmas goes off without a hitch! 
Our Naughty Elf made an early appearance today as we were practicing for Christmas 
Great Bingo & Beyond day! Next stop, Dec my Zimmer Christmas Special 
It’s December 1 - already eaten my entire advent calendar. WHOOPS! 
Spotify trying to act like I haven't been listening to 
Lets start getting festive now it's December shall we 
More importantly I found the one and only 
Stunning LED's and fireworks will light up Hull this festive season, come and celebrate! 
There's live music, a master magician and Old Saint Nick himself at the Whitnash Christmas lights switch on next Sunday at the Plough & Harrow pub from 4pm 
The Iowa's governor's mansion is ready to celebrate the holidays! 
Less than one week to go until the shop opens, are you getting as excited as we are?! 
Folks, we're having a party! 15 Dec 
It's not too early to be festive.. 
Want to have festive fun in London for less? Here’s your budget-friendly guide to 
Glad I got to see the U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree here in Kansas City! It was super neat! 
Christmas At The Cove is finally here! Set up is well underway, and we are so thankful for our awesome volunteers who are making it all happen across our campuses! 
It's that time of year again 
We intend to celebrate Christmas and NYE in style. With 
Lovely night feeling Christmassy with 
Tonight! Join us for drinks & dancing from 6pm, and show your support for this very worthy cause 
We are holding our Christmas Table Quiz next Tuesday, 21st of November in the Sports Bar! Loads of prizes and craic to be had! Hope to see ye all there in some christmas jumpers! 
With abundant decorations and crackling fires throughout, book your stay online! 
Tis' the season for giving 
It's the 1st December so our 
It's almost that time of the year
Looking for something different as a Christmas gift 
Yo! All physical HIGH LEVEL copies are now available at all 
 black-on-black heartskull longsleeveavailable starting TOMORROW at 9am EST & ending MONDAY at 11:59pm EST.
B3 visited Taste of London Festive Edition this weekend 
No plans yet this weekend? How about a Christmas Market! 
We’re giving away a family ticket to 
Trash to Treasure is back tomorrow to finalise orders and prep for the Christmas Fayre. Who is with us?! 
Cirque Musica presents Believe made a stop at Bell MTS Place this evening to spread a little holiday magic. 
Christmas is only around the corner! Book your do 
Looking for something a bit different this Christmas? Try our Chocolate Orange Bomba!
Can you help on Thursday 7 Dec at Belfast Central Mission to assemble food parcels for families and older people who are in need? 
Today we kick off our 2017 ‘Make it a Centrestage Christmas’ campaign.Here’s a festive flavour of what we have planned this year ... join us, get involved - let’s make it special! 
And... it's up! We look forward to welcoming you over the festive season ahead. 
Me and Mark bought our first Christmas tree today Ahhh so exciting
Perfect day now I've had a coffee fix from 
Our Christmas tree has arrived! Christmas has officially arrived here 
Make sure to follow our Instagram page to stay up to date with all of our favourite 
Don’t wait a month to see Santa! He’s made himself cozy here at Southcentre, but only until December 24 at 3PM! 
Lush Christmas trees from Ali and Joe’s will be in Victoria Park the first two weekends of Dec - reserve now for £5 off! 
Flashback to our 2016 Christmas Dance at Mackays! 
Taproom open 4-8pm today with more treats than Santa could supply! 
 Happy 1st of December! 
 This starts in two weeks 
We've dressed our Christmas tree today... Have you done yours yet? 
West coast... let’s eat and be merry together... starting ... now 
Lovely family pic of Shane Richie with his children 
Oh, and it's already jingle bell tastic in this office 
Pat just LOVES spreading Christmas cheer with Operation Christmas Child! 
Tonight is our first rehearsal ahead of our Christmas concerts! We're very excited!!
A council admits it was "over cautious" when it installed a widely-ridiculed cordon around a Christmas tree for public safety 
Don’t forget our Christmas shopping evening 
We’ve still got some great spaces available...
 The wait is over! My jazz trio and I are bringing a special holiday program to my fave Houston… 
Christmas deadline number 1!
This could take all night...
Had so much fun switching on Stirling Xmas lights 
Santas grotto is in full swing! Make sure you get down for a chance to meet santa & a cheeky mulled wine! 
Do you know someone who’s OBSESSED with dogs?! Then DogFest tickets would be the ULTIMATE Christmas gift for them! Order before 15th December and receive a FREE CHRISTMAS TICKET WALLET 
The bookies favourite for the UK 
WANTED! Entertainment acts for an Xmas dinner at a homeless drop in 
There are only seven sleeps left until our annual Christmas Switch On 
Too early to put up the Christmas tree 
The girls loved these thezhuzhupets - I think a MUST for 
And the tree is officially lit! 
OMG ... Boston's Christmas tree from Nova Scotia is humongous and so very beautiful .... Thank you so very much Nova Scotia !!!!
We're shining our light here at 
Seven weeks to go until the big day...
If you're crazy enough to be heading anywhere near Oxford Street or Regent St this Xmas, make sure you book in a lunch here 
Time to plan a day trip. Here are four New England house museums with stunning holiday decorations: 
It’s tonight! Come see us performing at the 
We will be bringing our festive accessories to the Black Horse Christmas Market this Friday evening 
We've also got our undergraduate Christmas lunch today.. must be something in the air! 
Our wonderful Spring Season goes on sale TOMORROW at 10am! Looking for perfect Christmas present? 
How striking is this little lichen found at our Ballynahone Bog Nature Reserve? With its bright red tips, the devil's matchstick has us feeling almost festive 
So fun having the inlaws in town 
We’ve seen it. It’s pretty cool. 
NEWS: Wolverhampton is set to host a new Victorian Christmas Market!! 
Coming into work on the 1st of December like... 
For those adore the festive atmosphere 
The spirit of Christmas is strong in Derby 
Dec 1st can only mean 1 thing 
It appears that some elves have escaped the workshop and are hiding in our tree! 
Ticket sales for LA SALETTE begins TODAY at 3:30-5:30!!! Tickets are FREE for the FESTIVAL OF LIGHTS show on December 1st from 5-9pm!!!
Busy setting up for the Magdalen Road Christmas Fair! 
What an incredible day! 
Why you don't need to book a brunch this 
Blogmas Day 2 - A Christmas Tag 
Can you spot the difference..?
‘‘Tis the season! 
The Christmas Market is jam-packed and buzzing on its first day! 
It's a Wonderful Flight. The 
The award-winning story that has warmed the hearts of millions since 1965 is coming to 
The countdown begins! Two weeks until we kick off the festive season for our Christmas supper clubs. Join us on 7, 8, 21, 22nd December 
Today we launch DAY 1 of our exclusive 
Thanks to everyone who came to our Christmas Lights Switch On last night, especially the wonderful 
COMING SOON > keep an eye out for the 
First day of Christmas dinners today 
We've put up our first ever Christmas tree! Check out Christy-Tiana gracing the top... 
Nativity play tickets are in book bags-each family has 3. Please ignore typo errror on date- it is 2017!
For our first Children's 
To make your holiday bright, we're giving away top Indy experiences for the next 12 days. First up, win tix to 
Every city celebrates the holiday season a little differently. 
Given the Dundee Fireworks display essentially leads us into Christmas, this seems appropriate: 
There's still time to book tickets for our wonderful 
Any 2 for £7 stock up now for Christmas 
Woooooooo!!!! It's December!!! The countdown is on!!! 
Putting your tree up this weekend? Don't forget to tag us in your decorations pictures! 
Sleigh bells ring, are you listening?! 
Cookie's for Christmas tomorrow at the 
TONIGHT’s the night!! I hope you’re ready to tweet with me during 
Today is World Aids Day. A day to remember those lost too soon, to raise awareness and to fight the stigma around AIDS. Here at TWW we’re wearing our red ribbons with pride, and so is our Christmas Tree 
Tickets have you got yours? Join 
Less than a month until Christmas...Check out our retail to get your favourite athlete the perfect practical present 
It's the first day of Christmas Stories 
Forgot about Stir-Up Sunday? Granny Munro has you covered 
The best thing about the holidays is: _______ 
Had a great day. We made a whole colony of penguins and had great fun and ate a mountain of gingerbread 
Going to celebrate that milestone by being deeply hungover from Thursdays 
“Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas” will be available on iTunes and Spotify, but the full album will be available only on Amazon. BUT there will be some official music videos and live performances on our YouTube coming soon! 
Wow, Edinburgh. You sure know how to ring in the holidays. 
Looking for some Christmas gift ideas? Well, look no further... 
Just 2 day lefts to DOUBLE YOUR DONATION 
Mrs F got me an early Christmas prezzie. 
Last few dates available for the ultimate Christmas dining experience in our Hummingbird room 
Follow this handy little guide from 
Woo hoo! It's officially Christmas time. I buy some of this every year. 
Chilly days, fuzzy couches and long naps mean it's finally the holiday season! 
Egg glass, another new Christmas tree and wooden resin jewellery are our favourites at this weekend’s 
I had so much fun joining 
We’ve teamed up with F&F at Tesco to raise 100k with Hats with a Heart Hats to help feed people in need this Christmas. Have you chosen yours yet? 
Only 25 sleeps 'til the most exciting day of the year! Get your gifts in Bromley town centre, our retailers and restaurants are here to welcome you with welcoming Christmas cheer. 
Listen to “Wrap it Up,” the first single from Imagine, my new 
Cliff’s Mistletoe & Wine on the radio, Beirut traffic. I’m getting my Xmas ON. 
Free signed Christmas cards with every online merch order saywhatttt 
Our team are excited to be helping out the 
Shrubland street is starting to feel very festive 
Christmas Holiday Workshops! 
Holiday Blanket Drive for the Strongsville Food Bank! Thank you to Strongsville Council PTA for leading this... 
We still have a few remaining spaces available for our 
Patients are painting some ornaments in class today. Any 
Yay!!! We can now play Christmas songs on the radio ! I had to start it off with Chris Brown’s rendition of “This Christmas” 
This year I'm replacing the traditional chocolate 
Struggling for gift ideas this Christmas? How about a 30 or 60 minute deep tissue, remedial or sports massage for your loved ones 
Get in the holiday spirit and take your little ones to IMAX to see The Light Before Christmas! From now until Christmas, this holiday short is playing every Saturday and Sunday at 11:15am for only $6 a ticket! 
First signs of Christmas arriving in Knightsbridge! 
Piece hall been best thing to happen to Halifax in a long time!Cool Christmas theme going on
 well represented at Navidad en el Barrio! 
Come grab your raffle tickets from Danny P for our 
Here’s a message from Gocsy! Grab ya tix tomorrow from 9am (QLD) 
Buying a Caring Christmas Tree 
TODAY’S THE DAY!! We take over Myddleton Rd and some of the shops: Santa’s Grotto (no.99), 45 market sellers, xmas trees, funfair rides, mulled wine, craft beer,kids crafting (no.128), brass band, carols, parade and light illumination.. so much stuff!! 
Make your gifts go further this year - choose ones that really do good! 
Set up a monthly donation of £10 and we will send you a care family tartan scarf for Christmas.....or we can gift the scarf to a care experienced person. How lovely would that be? 
The annual Aberystwyth Lantern Parade and switching on the Christmas Lights 
A date for your diary: 1pm, Wednesday 6th December 2017, the last 
OK we know it's still October... but we couldn't wait to let you know about our festive celebrations! 
Happy 1st of December! Who is opening their Sleek advent calendar today?? 
The tree lights are going on... 
'Tis the season for the best deals! 
THIS DECEMBER! It's all going on at 
Christmas countdown -42days left 
Plz RT tickets on sale 
Knock, knock. Who's there? 
Thank you to Anne & everyone that donated from Llanwern Ladies Golf Section... a wonderful generous lot. 
What a beautiful & magical place 
 & Mrs Claus are chilling out at 
Get your holiday shopping done early with free USA shipping on ALL Gibson gear & accessories with promo code 'MONDAYMONDAY' 
Happy 1st of December from all at Dyke Yaxley - we hope your month is as Christmassey as our offices are this morning :) 
ADVENT COMPETITION DAY 3Ready to stuff your face Fat Hippo style? Today we're giving away two of our special Christmas burgers so you and a burger buddy can get your Fat Hippo festive fix free! 
Feeling festive in Cheddar tonight! A quintet from Bristol Easton playing for the crowds at the annual 
It’s the start of Christmas at Rosebery. Christmas Fair this Friday 
It’s tree picking day 
What girl wouldn't want to be Cinderella this Christmas 
Not far to go now... The next stop is Lapland, the person who tweets him there WILL 
It's the most magical event of the holiday season.
OTD, '01: local heroes & stars of 
Beauty treats are the best treats - take a spin on your 
Is it too early for fake snow and Christmas music?  
Have you written your Christmas Cards yet? If not, head to 
It's officially the festive season so you would expect nothing less from our products of the week! 
Only five days of voting remain! Vote Silver Dollar City's An Old Time Christmas festival as your favorite theme park holiday event! 
For the FIRST car of Christmas, The Auto Agency offered me - a 
These gorgeous potted Norwegian spruce are just £20.00 from our Plant Shop at Woodthorpe Grange Park, Sherwood! 
Centennial Plaza is lit!
The Elf on the Shelf has made his way into STV HQ in Glasgow and he's already ruffling a few BIG feathers, eh 
Plenty of Penderyn bargains to be had from Blas ar Fwyd at Llandudno Christmas Fair! 
Just under a month to go until our Christmas Special at the Camp and Furnace. Who are you most looking forward to seeing? 
I've had such a lovely time at 
November has drawn to a close and 'tis the season for all of your favorite 
Over 5000 people visited FINE today! Thank you so much to everyone who came along, showcasing incredible producers from in and around Aberdeen is such a pleasure. In case you haven't made it along yet we're open tomorrow from 12-8.30 
We have 15% off all our wooden gifts, including personalised / custom orders taken throughout the show. All guaranteed to be delivered in time for Christmas
Looking forward to this on Thursday night... 
Count down on!!!!
Whether you’re watching Elf, working, cooking a Sunday roast or simply hanging out with your family - have a great Sunday! 
Looking forward to my first Messiah of the season with 
For a Christmas party to remember, choose Issho. Our set festive menus are suitable for bookings of 9+, and for smaller groups who are all ordering from the set menu. For bookings of 15+, please contact our events team on 0113 4265005 or email events@danddleeds.com 
FLEMINGATE CHRISTMAS LIGHTS SWITCH-ON! Thursday 23 November. 
There's still time to enter Day One of our 
Got some special things coming for you guys in DECEMBER... 
Good citizens of Calico, Are you ready for a tree lighting? 
Lasadh na Soilse Nollag Inniu ag 5! 
Don't miss the Christmas lights switch-on this Friday.  A good start to the season.
T-T-Teessiders. Get to our Christmas Party in Stockton on Dec 8th. This is who we got for you... 
The Christmas tree is officially lit up to start off the holiday season! 
Merry Christmas from my family to yours! 
Plenty of festive events on today in and around 
 Whos! Join us tonight from 6-8 for photos with the 
This Fri  & Sat 
 Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells 
Look at all the FAB FESTIVE FUN you can have down @ the 
After AJ got up this morning before 4am............Action is Needed 
RT TO WIN: KYLIE'S SPICE & SUGAR LIP SET
Why not buy a gift that keeps giving this Christmas? 
Cold, crisp day on the farm. loaded up with Christmas trees and on our way to 
Had such a great time hosting the 
The Lake is Lit! 
Don’t forget Kew Sparkle tomorrow night. The official start of Christmas in Kew. 
Not Many Tables Left For MIDNight Saturdays Throughout December
Stupid pre-lit Christmas tree! One section out, really? I think Christmas hates me. 
We are proud to be a part of such a strong lineup of organizations doing great work this holiday season 
Drop that Argos catalogue and have a lead through our Christmas E-brochure. Let's make this Christmas Day memorable
This place really is magical! 
1 more sleep! Please come and join us for lots of festive fun 
 Tomorrow my jazz trio and I are bringing a special holiday program to my fave Houston… 
 Christmas has arrived at Barnsley Museums! 
Another superb fiercebabemarketnorwich today! The Christmas shopping has officially started! 
Its the middle of November... time to make the playlist! 
First day of December, countdown begins!
These look gorgeous, such a great gift for Christmas! 
I'm honestly so excited to watch everyone's Vlogmas videos!! Eeeeek
Christmas is coming! We've been decorating the tree in the entrance, thanks everyone who got involved 
Please come and join us for some early festivities 
Nick Fustor '18 caught up with Bruce Beck '78 at the Rockefeller Center Tree Lighting Party last night! Fustor is a PR intern with 
PG Ged Gigg opened the 3rd Christmas tree festival at St Chads Church Farndon - a real honour! All the trees are original and amazing 
It's a month until Christmas 
Do you live in Hertford or nearby? Come along to the Community Support Day in Market Square where we will be offering support and advice. See you there 
 ONLY 1 DAY TO GO UNTIL SANTA'S CHRISTMAS PARTY 
Don't forget to check out our 
One of the best parts about coming back from break is seeing the tree in Red Hall! 
The December issue of Ho-Ho-Homes & Antiques is on sale now! Pick up your copy for plenty of seasonal sparkle 
Enjoying the festive season.  
Zip World Advent-ure Calendar Day 2 
Fancy some Christmas action?! 
Things are getting *very* festive in our Holborn hood 
Marlow Christmas Market this Saturday Loads of great local artisan food & craft producers We'll have Cygnet, Bucks Blue, Cygnet Bites & some lovely artisan guest cheeses So pop along & grab yourself a Marlow Christmas Cheeseboard & loads of great local produce for Christmas
This brings back Memories 
It’s a pleasure. Looking forward to donning the elf hat for another delivery soon
Santa Claus and Tony rocking around the Christmas Tree 
Enjoy some mulled wine and mince pies this evening between 5pm and 9pm. There will be over 40 stalls so you can get some 
My son Dylan is 7 years old and wants to give back to the community this Christmas he is Making survival kits for the homeless. He needs your help to raise money for them. He will be on the streets on Christmas Eve delivering them
Great news for Christmas shoppers, for the next 3 Sunday’s (3rd, 10th, 17th) we are operating a half-hourly Red Jet service. See 
Some make-up inspiration, just in time for the festive party season! 
Perfect with Christmas just around the corner 
ALSS FESTIVE MOONLIGHT AND MISTLETOE PARTY
The Hills are alive with the Sound of Music! Especially during the wonderful Christmas time 
So excited to wake up this morning on the first day of 
Awesome. Looking forward to the 
Join us for the St Paul's College Annual Carol Service on Sunday 20 November @ 7pm. 
Happy Advent! It's that time of year again...24 days of 
The Year Without Santa Claus is one of my very favorite Christmas movies. 
Ready to welcome guests tonight at Cottrell Park Golf Resort 
London looking rather suave in its festive garb 
If anyone has any suitable pictures for our 12 Days of Christmas tweets like last year, please DM us 
Great stripes and nice gem placement. Thank you Myles (No 1, not No 2). 
Yes! Fill those boxes for the kids of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Orange, Wake, and Durham. 
On the 3rd day of Christmas MyArtisanMarkets gave to me....A £30 
Fancy one of our ‘coveted bundles’ for yourself? For the chance to WIN a Festive Delights hamper simply like and RT! 
We're beginning to feel festive in Little Chelsea! 
Thank you so much for having us! We loved it! Merry Christmas!
White Christmas is the beer to cheer this season so don't miss out on this cracker! Find it in the tap this week
Pick up your half price Ravensbuger Jigsaws ...perfect stocking fillers. 
Testing cocktails for our Christmas party produced by 
Go ahead and judge me, but my living room is my happy place right now. 
Don’t forget there’s a splash of Christmas December 2nd 
FESTIVE FORTUNE COOKIE FUN 
Ooooh, looking forward to meetings here later on 
To win 4 tickets Choir Circle tickets to 
Don't miss out on the 2018 
It’s Christmas in Plymouth today! Wishing 
Enjoy your complimentary festive snacks during Santa Safari, included in the admission price! 
"It was incredibly well written and captured my attention from the start. The author has a real talent for bringing Biblical stories to life."
Only 4 Mondays until the big day! 
Come and join us for our 12th 
Save the date! Our 7th Annual Holiday Ho-Down is happening December 6th. 
Our Roses are delighted to be part of this magical night 
We've rounded up some of our favourite stocking fillers for our first Christmas gift guide 
DO NOT BUY YOUR CHRISTMAS CARDS YET!!We've got something very special coming very soon! 
Here's the official audio for "Merry Christmas Baby" from the new album which is available to download now here: 
Tag a friend you haven't seen since last December and invite them for a 
So the Coca-Cola advert is officially on the TV. Does this mean it's Christmas? 
 performance squad hope to see you all 
You can now read a new poem from Julia Copus, adorning this year's 
YAY!! We can't wait Limahl Official 
Join us at this weekend's tree lighting celebrations at 
These U.S destinations are definitely on the “nice” list when it comes to the best Christmas vacations 
Blogmas - Week One | Christmas Gift Guide 
Check out the £3 can Christmas calendar in the 
It felt like Christmas to make a track with this crew
I can't get over how beautiful 
Christmas giveaway alert!! 
Make sure you're ready for 
You guys never ever disappoint!!! What an incredible crowd 
Join our mailing list today for all the latest treats in the lead up to Christmas 
Very exciting - had an interview today at 
Did someone say $1 socks? 
To Do List:1. Worry about tax-bill from hell that makes national debt soar;2. Be pissed about growing list of sexual harassers in gvt  & secret hush-fund from hell paid by taxpayers.3. Focus on Flynn & Russia, Russia, Russia;4. Do stuff to get ready for Xmas
Take a look at our fabulous range of 
Psst! Make sure you’re here tomorrow morning for a little festive announcement!
Decorating the Sixth Form Centre 
 With less than a month till Christmas, there is a golden opportunity to catapult your business ahead of the competition. Find out the best tactics to skyrocket your sales this silly season 
All I want for Xmas is an open to close 
The YouNG team have landed safely back in the UK and would like to say a huge thank you for everyone involved from Slovakia for a fantastic trip and superb hospitality, see you all in December 
Y'all need to taste this sh*t it is WAY more dangerous than crack I have been in the TJ all month like WHERE TF IS MY 
Check out the latest blog post over on the 
Great first day of rehearsals for 
 - Thursday 30th November 
’s song “It’s Time For Christmas”, is now available to download on all digital outlets, including ITunes & Spotify. Check out the official music video here 
Thank you to everyone that visited our market last night 
Never too early for Christmas tunes when 
Have you seen all the Christmas lights around Victoria? Share your photos with us using the hashtag 
Some photos from our Christmas Time at Brewery Square event from 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas. 
MON NOV 27 (5pm): Join Grand Park and 
 NEXT SAT 12/9 - The Big One - The Dandy Warhols Annual 
Planning on visiting the fantastic St Nicholas Fair 
Oh What Fun! For today's 
It's December 1st! 
Strong, courageous, inspiring - our line of duty families continue to amaze me. We can never repay them for their sacrifice, but we promise to always honor them and their loved ones. Thank you to the 
FRIDAY NIGHT: Join 
The fact it’s snowing ever so slightly has me pumped for Christmas
Thanks to everyone who came to the Christmas Fair today, great fun had by all 
The perfect gift to go with my coffee - a chocolate 
Yule not need a fairy to Top yer
I literally could not love this pair more. 
A perfect stocking filler for your little ones! 
Don’t miss my friend 
 HOLIDAY CONTEST: RT for chance to win: 2 Club Bell to 
6 days left to secure tickets to 
It’s too early and far from traditional, but here’s 
Can you offer to support our control room staff 
Melanie Morris & Marissa Carter, founder of Cocoa Brown Tan,  have been  choosing their top Christmas gifts from Cara Pharmacy. This morning's top pick is this stunning rose-gold perfume set from 
Oxfam Morperth has done an amazing window inspired by this years 
 Our Christmas Gift, this Saturday 
The road is closed, the rain has stopped and Christmas is coming - get yourselves down o the Barnet Xmas Fayre 
Turn on my notifications to add you to a new daily shout out list , Dm me when done.
I'm so excited to have my friends from Nova Scotia here in Boston! Check out this album for a sneak peak of day-one festivities: 
Happy TOY SHOW day! 
’Tis the season! 
Our Christmas Market is OPEN till 7pm - come and 
On the first day of Christmas 
It’s Cyber Weekend! Free shipping from now through Monday at 
It’s showtime! Thanks 
Still giving away the unopened iPhone X to one lucky fan on Dec. 15th so you will have it by Christmas 
Our yearly festive tradition, the 
Happy December everyone! It’s a cold one but with a dusting of snow on the car -what better way to start getting into the Christmas spirit 
One month to go! 
Oh, what a glorious morning! 
Our Christmas Shop is now open.... 
Christmas flavour are taking over the kitchen this morning 
Our Under 5's are making mince pies today at the YMCA Sovereign Centre in 
 One of my FAVORITE holiday cookies: soft and chewy ginger molasses cookies. They’re so incredibly soft and have the perfect chew! Make one batch (it makes FOUR dozen) and you’ll be set for the holidays! Gift them or keep them for yourself. Either … 
  are bringing a festive twist to their iconic Tofu Cute x AMUSE photo opportunity area 
Looking forward to getting in the festive spirit with 
We’re ready for Christmas in the Craft Gallery with Twink Addison’s quirky cartoon cards & Angela Lindsley’s miniature prints - perfect! 
New USB Flash Drive UV100F releases today in a special edition red package. Perfect as a gift to friends, family, and team members
At last we are officially allowed to get excited about Christmas! 
We invite you to join us for our Christmas Light Switch On, 16th November. It will be an amazing evening for all the family. Let it glow in Harrogate 
Loved that I was able to tweet 
Great afternoon of festive fun! 
The first magical gift on our Advent Calendar is a beautiful 
The fantastic One Voice Choir from  
Our Christmas menu starts on 28th November. Call 02077412233 for further information 
Day 2 of our Digital Advent Calendar & today Our pasta trader 'Osteria Della Pasta' want to 
With the winter coming in we're looking forward to a very 
We'll be there! Will you?! Magical Middlesbrough Christmas Lights Switch On, TOMORROW! 23 Nov, all the fantastic entertainment kicks off at 6pm, Centre Square. Be there!! 
It’s the most wonderful time for a beer! 
Plans for the weekend? Why not visit St Albans Xmas Market to get you feeling 
Navidad en el Barrio Essay Winners. Many 
What a show, what a start to the 
With only 34 days until Christmas, 
‘Tis the season to indulge! 
It's that time of year! Here's a few gift-giving ideas that can 
Hometown Christmas Parade  entry meeting. Can’t wait until December 9th! Come join us at 11:00 AM. 
After months of planning today is the day that 
Celebrate Christmas this year at Tynecastle Park 
The pink nightmare. 
Nursery have been busy creating repeating patterns to make our own wrapping paper today! 
Looking for some sustainable and ethical gifts from Irish companies this Christmas? Check out my  Green Gift Guide with something for everyone! 
Last minute availability! Christmas parties at the Botanical Gardens, now from just £36.00 per person 
Christmas has officially kicked off in Castlebar!
I designed my own ugly holiday sweaters!!
May your days be merry and bright. 
Happy first of December! 
 It's that time of year again! 
Another wonderful evening at our Christmas Fayre 
There's nothing the Sigstr team loves more than holiday spirit. Did your team break out the decorations today? Tweet us your pictures! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
Ladies and gentlemen, here is our very special Christmas menu to feast your eyes on! To make a reservation you can call us on 01629258083 or email  info@the-boat-Inn.co.uk. 64 days and counting...
Its showtime for Owen! 
The sun has come out for our second Village Christmas at Prince Alfred Park in Surry Hills 
 It’s nearly that time of year again... Help us count down the days until Christmas with our very own 
This Satda morn young Lambton is a puttin up ees tree 
Wonderful turn out for the St Augustine's Church 
And so it begins! Christmas stock arriving! Decs up next week! 
Doing the double this week. Find us at:Thurs: 
Just 3 Friday’s till our big Christmas concert! 
What?! Christmas is almost here
Thank you all for your help - we're delighted to introduce Rowie the Elf. His first stop is to the beautiful Christmas tree at the Castlegate. Did you know Aberdeen is gifted a Christmas tree from our friends in Stavanger?
The lights are on! Our 
Christmas prep well and truly underway 
Last night I was thrilled to join other volunteers from 
A healthy, beautiful & prosperous new month to y’all 
 Celebrate Christmas at The Vine! 
TOMORROW is the last day for our Holiday Layaway Special! 
Advent calendar sorted for this year - helping 
We’re having the ultimate Christmas debate in the 
Stock your Coffee Bar full of 
24 days until Christmas! Are you ready for it? 
 Winchester! Here's your first day of our video advent series 
Add some Snowdog sparkle to your Christmas tree with the Sparky inspired gold glitter decorations!
Who's behind door 3? Only bloomin' 
Yes yes yes yes. Deck them halls 
Make sure 'Everyday Is Christmas' is under your 
 GET READY FOR CHRISTMAS WITH MGP
RETAIL NEWS: Our Christmas opening kicks off with Sunday opening tomorrow 10am to 4pm. Happy shopping! 
A sneaky peak at what's on offer at Kielder Winter Wonderland 
Pop down the the Fundraising Hub today and pick up some Christmas presents 
It’s 1st December and that means 1 thing.  The 
The lights are going down which means we can see the lights of Chewbacca! Africa Al wins the best 
Maybe Christmas,  he thought, doesn’t come from a store...Maybe Christmas, perhaps means a little bit more - The Grinch
What's your favourite thing about the 
This Friday Instore 7-9pm! Don't miss Mandy Baggot's launch of her new christmas book, One Christmas Kiss in Notting Hill 
Come and join us for our KS1 Christmas Nativity
Tis the season to be jolly! 
A huge thank you to the Do Re Mi choir for holding their Christmas concerts in aid of our charity. We had a wonderful night listening to your beautiful singing. 
All these Xmas adverts we have been creating has really got the team in the christmas spirit. 
So excited to announce that I’ll be performing at 
Treat yourself to a delicious, festive Afternoon Tea 
A night to remember in the Garden Quarter of 
This pretty pair make for a seriously local festive gift for your loved one. 
It’s feeling a lot like Christmas! 
Our Christmas shop is now open! We are open to 4pm today. See you there 
Join us for our Christmas Social on 12th December - mince pies, wine and general merriment! You won’t want to miss it 
A portion of ticket sales for 
You better Deck Yourself Before You Wreck Yourself, 
Happy Fri-YAY from HPU Admissions! It's finally December, and we are so excited for the Holiday season! Come visit campus while the decorations are still up! 
Our candied fruit station looking very festive 
Our 2017 Christmas quiz is now available for download, primary & secondary versions available for all schools
Countdown to Christmas with our German Advent Calendar - packed full of fun games to test your knowledge of 
Good to see Costa are on message for a STAGS Christmas... 
From retail to restaurants, this holiday season don't forget to support your Long Beach small businesses. Here's a link with local shops to add to your shopping list
Bringing good cheer, 
Can't wait to get started on this!   
Finlay the Magician entertaining everyone outside USC 
It’s 1st of December and Ed the ED Elf has arrived in our children’s ED 
Don't want to panic you...but today it's exactly 1 month until Christmas! 
Saison's Greetings from BAR/D UP and 
I hope you all had a great evening and night at the market!! Just to remind you, now we are opened on Sundays, so you can come to buy all your Christmas presents! Book your hamper as well!!! 
Our yearly tradition ! The holidays don’t start until we see 
So...I walk into the Severe Weather Center this morning and see this sweet little Christmas 
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is making kids smile from ear to ear. 
Christmas presents sorted!
You can still book your Christmas party at the Mermaid London - our 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas here at @hiltonbath! 
BIG Thks everyone for the RT’s, likes & lovely comments on my latest Xmas
Calling all 2017 Undergraduate Alumni! WBS CareersPlus are hosting a festive reunion at 
You can also pick up a tree at our place! 
TUCK-IN TUESDAY! Grab a pizza, salad & drink for £10. Getting you ready for Christmas. 
Thanks to everyone who shopped with us 
I’ve been treated by the kids 
Just like there are 9 players on the field, we’re doing 9 Days of Giveaways to celebrate the holidays! Today, we’re giving away the DeMarini 1979 Snapback. RT or “like” this post to be entered to WIN. 
It's always a pleasure to hang out with 
 reunited! Team dinner at 
Can’t Wait! 
We've got 25% off artificial trees and Christmas lights. But hurry, this offer won't last forever! 
NEW BLOG POST: COUNTING DOWN TIL 
We can’t wait for the official Christmas lights switch-on on Saturday in Sloane Square. Are you coming? 
Come & meet Santa, Sat 2nd Dec. only £1.50 + kids FREE cookery workshop
 Tour begins in just 2 days! 
The spacious living areas in our Knowle Hill Park Apartments are the ideal space to host a 
It's almost the end of November and we're psyched for a great holiday season! Who's already into the holiday spirit?! 
It is officially my favorite time of the year. 
Want to know what's on in December & January on the food & drink front? The new 
As many begin to decorate, remember these and other safety tips:
A very" merry well done" to all the students 
, or a Lego Star Wars advent calendar? Think we know who the real winner is. 
Christmas is coming! Feeling Festive in 
EXTENDED OPENING HOURS! 
A few drinks at the Christmas party last night?
 Book the family in for a festive night of ice skating, Christmas Cream Tea and Santa's helpers! This December will be a magic one at Eastwell Manor. 
 Happy 1st of December to all Brookes Staff across university! In the spirit of 
And it goes on!! 
 decorations will give a warm festive feel to any home this Christmas 
Chanced upon a lovely Christmas craft market on my walk through 
24 sleeps til Christmas!
CHRISTMAS IS COMING! 
With December nearly upon us, we’ve put together our 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in our terminals! Are you travelling with us this Christmas? 
Looking for that perfect stocking stuffer?! 
It’s finally mince pie season....who wants one?! 
Guys, girls and gays..... 
Busy planning the next issue of 
And so the feasting ended. And with it, my eighth and final Christmas dinner at St John's, Oxford. Needless to say I'm experiencing quite a few emotions right now. 
Put some sugar and spice into your Christmas aesthetic 
Attending the tree lighting in Gore Park 
All things red and green until Christmas. 
Please keep in mind, my Mam is hand drawing each of these. There'll be 150 total, at 6 euro a pop. We can't post them, cause they're glass & we don't wanna risk any breakage! 
Key player in Christmas Tree shopping, are we right? 
| There's only 1 month until 
How sweet are these gift sets from 
Join us for the 9th Annual Charity Track and Toy Drive this weekend! 
We're not all perfect, but we can all be sound. 
All you need is love, lights, free mulled wine and a very big choir 
We’re all costumed up, in character and off to switch on the Finsbury Park Christmas lights!! That’s how we end rehearsals at Go People. 
 Young Carers Family group’s 1st session this evening. Great opportunity for families to socialise and share their experiences 
Sort out all of your Christmas card needs 
Vlogmas day one is now up on my MoreZoella Youtube channel 
 Get on Santa’s good list and support our Santa Cycle Dash.  Have a look on our JustGiving page to see what we are fundraising for.
Who wouldn’t want to find some lovely Harris Tweed goodies under the tree on Christmas morning 
‘Ike for the Holidays’ is one of the “select shows” mentioned below. Today only: Get $5 off a ticket - and make this Cyber Monday one to remember. 
A great day, thank you to one and all for making it so special 
Holiday festivities kicked off in Sydney with the lighting of the Martin Place Christmas Tree! 
Yo Exeter! We're having a Tweet Up on Thursday, Christmas style. RSVP & share the love  
Guessss what?!?! My FAVE sweater comes in 5 colours AND it's on SALE right now!! 
Big cheers for a brilliantly lit tree!
(I'm terrible @ Twitter) Taking Wreath orders for deliveries across Birmingham as of yesterday. 
Save the date: The Brit + Co Holiday House opens December 1st in SF! 
Happy 1st December! We are starting to feel a little bit Christmassy here at Curtins HQ now the tree is up 
Join us for a festive celebration 
We are pleased to announce that the winner of this year’s Christmas card competition is Year 3 pupil, Phoebe Dutton. 
Watching The Holiday. So regretting not buying a bottle of Baileys today. 
It's only 4 weeks today until Christmas! 
Christmas comes soon, 
Very much hoping this is in my Xmas 
Wishing the cast & crew of 
Visit your local Oxfam to find that perfect unexpected gift this year, and spread a little hope to people who need it the most 
Make Christmas Eve one to remember this year w/ twinkling lights, gourmet food + amazing photo opps
  Thanks to everyone in Meadow Well, North Shields, for putting up with my Scottishness.  Managed not to electrocute myself!!  
Very excited about my mummy-daughter trip to 
Christmas Opening times for our Agricultural branches 
We will be there LIVE covering the parade! 
 Our Housekeepers store is a real hidden gem! Stocking locally sourced food, drink and gifts it's the perfect place for a spot of unique Christmas shopping 
Can’t wait for this festive celebration of music at 
I’m polishing up the baubles … A Little Christmas Faith is out next week 
Mama w/Santa Clause & friends at 
There are still tickets left for our Traditional Russian Christmas Storytelling & feast. This Friday 8th December. £30! Tickets available through @wrigglebristol 
In London this Friday? Then join ZEISS Ambassador Luke Woodford from 
It's the 1st of December and the 
We will be announcing our MASSIVE Christmas lineup later folks so stay tuned for some big… 
It's all about to kick off @ the 1st Big Sheep 
 = bizarre, crazy, eccentric, far-out, funny, kinky, peculiar, queer, odd, remarkable, strange, way-out, weird, wild Welcome to our 
 : The Royal Free Hospital Christmas tree is up! 
Come down and join the party at our first festive Kids Club event. 
Which driver is on our Christmas list 
Did you know that Xmas ads are 51% more likely to elicit an intense emotional reaction than the average ad? 
CHRISTMAS SPECTACULAR 17th DEC 
 ......plans for Saturday 18th Nov sorted!
CHRISTMAS SONG SUGGESTIONS PLEASE THANKS 
Only 8 until the Herr’s Holiday light show! 
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from Eta Chi! Sending hugs and kisses your way 
Who else is getting into the festive spirit?! 
LET THE COUNTDOWN TO CHRISTMAS BEGIN! 
Buncrana Christmas Tree Festival 
Getting into the festive spirit w/ 
HOLY CAU IT’S XMAS
Today's the day! The 
It's 1st December and time for our festive 
Our Christmas decorations are now up! 
Cold snap? No problem. Come and get ya gaming Christmas 
Cardiff you've been a Christmas treat 
NOT LONG NOW! 
Have you picked up your copy of the December issue yet? If not, pick up your copy today to discover magical homes full of festive ideas 
 | It's December 
Party like it’s 1946 at the underground station of 
Show your support for your fellow students and raise lots of money for 
Join us Friday at 5:30 for our Christingle service. Food will also be provided. So come along and enjoy yourselves and help raise some money for the Children's Society and get that festive feeling 
Things are starting to feel Christmassy! Check out this delicious Christmas day treat by Niki for 
The National Christmas Tree Lighting is tomorrow and that means road closures around Foggy Bottom. See Campus Advisories and plan ahead if you have to commute: 
Last weekend sparks flew at Garden Square when we welcomed 
It's been an honor to enjoy the 
We love this!!! Thank you so much! 
Like n retweet for chance 2 win free massage treatment for you or special someone 
Christmas Show -19th December
Thanksgiving hasn’t even come yet and I’m ready to decorate for Christmas! 
 Take a look at these beautiful trees starting from £5 in store now 
NEWS: The Lord Mayor of Chester 
Wrap up warm this WINTER! Perfect 
There's live music, a master magician and Old Saint Nick himself at the Whitnash Christmas lights switch on today at the Plough & Harrow pub from 4pm 
 POPPED MUSIC PRESENTS XMAS PARTY! FRI 8TH DEC 
Stop by Christmas at the Port at the Big Fiddle in 
The Rockefeller Center tree. Happy Holidays. Xmas in this city is amazing. 
Win a VIP Package to see Amy and Vince at the Ryman December 13! 
 I want everything. 
We are just four days away from the 
Friends in Scotland. Just to say I shall be signing books at Waterstones in Glasgow (Monday, 17:30-19:30) and in Edinburgh (Tuesday, 12:30). Looking forward to it so much. Details below. 
Mulled wine, twinkling lights & feel-good festivities, December is nearly here! We've got a full-to-the-brim diary of Christmas events to get you in the mood... 
Blogmas Day 1 – Student Friendly Christmas Ideas 
It's not too late to get that perfect advent calendar gift 
They look lovely Vicki. I treated myself to the brooch. Wish I had got the decs too 
We have just finished putting our massive order of 
Our Christmas Party Nights are booking up. More sold out dates have been added since this poster. Call us on 01691 684300 to find out more
Too soon to talk about Christmas? Perhaps. But I'd love for you to consider getting your charity Christmas cards from 
GSRE CHRISTMAS ADVENT FUNDRAISER 
This holiday season, give the Gift of Friendship by joining the Friends of 
Only one week to go! 
To do: Find unique Christmas gifts at the 
We've put together a list of all the festive fun you can have across 
A great Christmas prize 
Father Christmas and his helpers getting to work early 
Get festive with us this Ball Street market 
Bring on December, Christmas and the winter season
Thank you to everyone who attended the fantastic Christmas Showcase on Friday at the 
Christmas Truck - Titan The Big Rig will be in Lower Halstow TODAYThe Truck which will be playing from around 5:00pmChristmas carols and the lighting up of the tree start at 6:15pm on the Green.Collecting for 
 She’s here! Join 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas... 
Great gift ideas here in good time for 
We're still taking bookings for our 'Choose a Tree' weekend, for tomorrow and Sunday - 
THE MAKING OF.... 
Holiday Doughnuts are back in shops, just in time to add them to your wishlist. 
Downtown Cleveland is your prime destination for kicking off the holiday season 
Psst... Why not join our shady associates this Christmas for illicit cocktails and festive merrymaking down at the apartment? 
Lovely morning down at Dulwich Christmas Forest - perfect day to come and choose your tree! 
We absolutely LOVE our Christmas Tree... Thankyou 
Buddy is now Buddy the Elf! 
Now that's what I call a Christmas gift guide! The very best of 
Very exciting! What a great place to have a stall at Christmas. 
Venturing out for some holiday shopping this wknd? Don't forget about ATP's gift cards, perfect for the arts & culture lover in your life!
Lt. Allen & Sgt. Davis having fun with the Highland High School Madrigal Singers at the Ameren Festival of Lights 
Lovely Sunday afternoon reading the Christmas plays for our Christmas Do. All unique and festively brilliant. 
Come and get royally funked-up with 
1st of December and we’re all trimmed up 
Please share with those who may be interested in attending holiday events geared toward the active aging community! 
We’ve got Christmas covered
CHRISTMAS FLASH SALE! 
Looking forward to this years Christmas fair 
 thanks for our Ontario grown Christmas tree! 
Thanks to Vaughn Geiger Insurance for putting our central office under Elf surveillance...thankful for the many delicious treats our Elf brought to kick off the season! Happy December
If you know any little inventors, they have a week left to get their festive invention ideas to 
Science stands still for nobody, and neither does Nature. Except this one time
Brownies delivered for tomorrow’s 
 Day punch anyone? It’s definitely on our ‘to make’ list! 
Give someone you love the gift of laughter this Christmas
Christmas Party Nights at Garbos 
Welcome to December on Xbox One! 
Snow manning, SKATE - ing....festivity- ing 
Is there any point getting a big Christmas tree when you live alone? I feel divided about this. 
Delighted to be sending out 3 Parsley Atelier aprons today to our lucky 
The only thing better than free shipping? Free shipping + a free holiday tie bar when you spend $40 
6 fantastic Christmas Markets coming to a place near you!Crafts, groceries, jewellery, clothing, delicious street food, entertainment, mulled wine and plenty of festive cheer! 
Tree-mendous day!! 
Win £100 and an *exclusive* goodie bag with our brand new festive competition 
The winner of the 100 Christmas Song Grid will be announced between Noon and 1pm today. 
17 days til our Christmas presentation! We’re this excited! 
Brother and sister duo, Fraser and Eilidh are busy teaching 
Sat 10th Dec: Festive Fun 
christmas songs on the radio making me feel v jolly 
Top bid is £350 for this shirt and my darts so far. Still just under 5 hours to go until the deadline. A reminder, top bid gets the shirt and darts and the money goes to 
We are all ready & set up at Hanley Fire Station for today’s Christmas 
1 tree done!
A massive thanks to Chrisy Kavanagh of 
Seems like the perfect time to show the best Scottish Christmas TV ad ever 
After the big switch on in Barrhead yesterday, tonight it's Neilston's turn to get in the festive mood 
We've kicked off our stage in 
We want to know how your Dancer body advent calendar is going !? Hashtag 
December 1st... the day Wera’s notifications blow up like a badly wired set of Christmas tree lights! 
Get in the Christmas spirit with us! Listen to 
Very happy with how the photos turned out 
It's December and we're bringing you your very own Good Food Advent calendar! We'll be posting a festive recipe every day to see you through to Christmas 
still time to make reservations for 
Looking for some inspiration for your festive decorations this holiday season?
Have you discovered our Christmas storybook? Full of wonderful tales of gifts that have spanned the years, enter your own story for the chance to win £250 
Merry Makers Market is today 12 - 6pm! 
A Holly Jolly Campus: Liberty celebrates the Christmas season.
The Scotch Whisky Advent Calendar as seen in 
Gift Card Battle Rd. 1
ALMOST as beautiful during the day as it is at night 
Today is the last day to purchase Nights of a Thousand Candles at a $2 discount! You can purchase online until midnight. Questions, call ShowClix at 888-718-4253. 
Christmas crafts for all you crafters! (for adults and kids!) 
Casey's Advent Ko-fi-dar
Today we did something we never did before... we decorated our distillery Christmas trees! Looking forward to our very first Christmas here in The Liberties! 
It’s our Christmas Comedy Night 
Stay cozy and order-in tonight, we’ll bring the festive cheer to you!
If you’ve requested a signed book from me today and I’ve not got back to you I’m not being rude I promise I just got inundated and my phone jammed up. At the risk of a repeat if you do want a book for loved ones as a Christmas present just email info@edstafford.org 
Finishing touches to tree one 
Only 6 Monday's til christmas 
Happy December 1st! Its officially the festive season.
Now this is exciting!!! Loving the sparkle 
Stockton high street is getting ready to Sparkle 
Raffle tickets on sale at the Craft Fair- prizes include a Christmas cake made by Candice Brown 
Happy December everyone!! Christmas music is on blast at my place as I decorate and wrap gifts! Who else is feeling holly jolly? 
Happy 1st December!  Here’s the perfect way to get into the mood for Christmas 
Plan ahead and grab your tickets for The Steely Damned 2's Second Annual Holiday Show on Friday, December 29 
Christmas has come to art club!! 
Looking forward to Carols by Candlelight again this year 
  at Kilvey Community Woodland for Christmas Tree Cutting Day! 
 hi me and my colleagues have organised a Christmas fete at West Parley, Memorial Hall 9th dec 12-4!Face PaintingStallsBouncy castle (weather permitting!)Food and drinkRaffleCompetitions Games (many prize every time!)And much more!Free Entry! 
Christmas party plans yet? Our award winning function floor is perfect for the festivities! 
 ANNOUNCEMENT: Christmas Social on December 13th - Pub quiz, buffet, double tokens. Full details and tickets here: 
So excited to be showing the work of 
Christmas festive menu now available at SAKEYA London
Chocolate tombola coming along nicely..
Snowed in? Snow problem. Sometimes you want a quiet holiday with your nearest and dearest, and we’ve got just the 
Last orders ladies & gentleman please!... our fabulous handmade stockings will no longer be available after Friday 
Can’t beat a good Christmas 
Birds of a Feather are to do another Christmas special this year 
Make your home even more inviting this festive season.
Did you know that eCommerce is expected to climb 15.8% this holiday season?! Ensure your 
Not signed up to our newsletter? See the latest in 
In the morning, I'm making waffles! (which are vegan & gluten free - yay!)Happy 1st December yogis! Get ready for the Christmas countdown! 
All set for some Christmas shopping on the stall today 
Very proud of our tree! 
Two three days weekends coming up, followed by a five day weekend. Then one normal week and two weeks off for 
We're so excited that we can now talk about our Christmas campaign with a reach of 5M & our VR & AR Experiences 
Excited to get festive today by checking out 
A Why Don't We Christmas... out Wednesday night 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in the Sir Martin Evans Building Cafe 
Be sure to come and shop the Love to Give shop at 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas!  The Elves have been busy tonight! 
It's the 1st of December and we've got that 
 happy 1st Dec from the UK and 
 With great new shops, bars and restaurants opened in 2017, plus ample car parking and stress-free public transport options, Christmas shopping in Nottingham is a breeze!  
The Tree Amigos will be at Lloyd Park 
Loved working on this! What's your favourite festive song? See if it made the list ... 
Retro gift stall all set up, here til 3pm folks 
What a lovely way to support us 
There’s just over a week to go until the Garden’s 
This December we will be collecting donations for the Children’s ward at Kings College Hospital. If you have anything pop in and drop it off 
It’s THAT time of year 
Have a look at our tasty Kitgum Kitchen Christmas menu and book online for the party season 
 Day 2 of our advent calendar! 
Off to Manchester Christmas Markets with the mother 
We’re super busy in the studio but this gorgeous image of the snug in our Richmond project from the December 2017 issue of 
CBS Philly got a sneak peek inside 
We're so excited about Christmas in Lincoln! The festivities are kicking off this evening with the Christmas light switch-on - will you be heading along? 
Pinch punch first of the month! Let’s get festive people 
 It's baaaack and FREE to play. No matter how big or small your win may be we hope you have fun finding some top treats! 
Come and buy your cut tree from us this weekend with 20% OFF ALL OUR CUT CHRISTMAS TREES!! 
We're all very pleased with our Christmas Tree this year! (especially Richard our Policy Coordinator) 
Loved taking part in today's 
The countdown to Christmas has officially begun! 
It was fantastic having Vin's Vintage at our Flea Market on Sunday. Lots of fab old-style Christmas decs made us come over all festive! Roll on December 25th! 
My smart, funny, sexy novel makes a great gift! 
Meet Santa & FREE family stuff throughout Dec 
This week it’s all about Anxiety at Christmas 
It's nearly Christmas! If the countdown is stressing you out, look no further for a cool pressie! 
Literally feel like I have done nothing but work this weekend, feeling a little out of my depth with everything that happens at Christmas 
Chamber Music Concert starts at 7:00 in the Alessandro Recital Hall. There’s even a Christmas tune on this one!
Tis' the season to eat chocolate! 
St John Scotland's 
What a CAN-tastic three days! Thank you to all our fabulous 
"CHRISTMAS PRESENT IDEAS (GIFT GUIDE FOR BOYS) 2017!" - 
One of the best yet. Welcome home Sgt Burke! 
Get in the festive spirit by grabbing pen & paper and entering our Christmas Poetry Competition. You could WIN a brilliant book token from 
I am in bed with The Book Of Dust, a hot water bottle, and peppermint tea, and I'm excited because tomorrow is Christmas Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve!
This Sun 3 Dec sees the return of our Christmas Market. Enjoy a mulled wine, some festive treats and browse our stalls - featuring seasonal produce and local artists. Parking is plentiful and FREE and so is entry! 
Drumroll...Welcome you to Day 1 of our advent calendar: 
Enjoy your weekend everyone See you in a few days 
Thank you, Leighanne! Glad you like it! 
WATCH: Birebbugia Christmas display is set to break national records for the second year in a row 
Was worth being until stupid o’clock to see my son’s reaction this morning 
NEWS: Now this is how you persuade the kids to go shopping in 
 The town hall Christmas tree is up! Ready for Christmas at The Town Hall starting this Saturday at 10:30am 
Christmas is on the way guys and so are the Christmas markets! Enjoy the festivities from this Thursday onwards and get into the spirit of Christmas with all your friends and family! 
Centenary would make a very fine Christmas 
Don't forget to visit the ice rink at Talisman Square today ahead of the Town Centre lights switch on at 5.30pm tonight! 
Fill your stockings right up! 
Want to win £500 to spend at 
As of tonight, the festive season is on! Who's heading into town to see the big switch-on? 
Cheshire Dogs’ Home are looking for a 7-8ft real Christmas Tree for our doggie memorial ceremony for the beginning of December! If any can help with this, please let us know! Thank you everyone 
It’s almost here - Christmas Market in our school 
Best toy show ever ..!! 
Looking classically festive in the great hall 
 Gift For You | Gift For Me 
Look what my lovely family did to my kitchen while I was away. Yes, that’s me on the decoration I made from an old margarine lid in preschool. 
'Elf' has been voted the greatest family Christmas film of all time, and if you disagree you're sitting on a 'throne of lies' 
Are you looking for that PERFECT Christmas gift? Look no further. The 
Don't forget to bless your Christmas Tree! 
Delighted to welcome local artist Mary Casserley with her cards and prints to this year’s fair- plus 70 other stalls! Nov 19th, 11am-4pm.
HO HO HO!!! Kilmarnock Lights - we're excited! 
ITS CHRISTMAS!!
Fly away with us! Watch the Muppet Christmas Carol, on our pedal-powered cinema, in festive Middleton Hall 
It’s beginning to look at lot like.... 
Is anyone else feeling the Christmas spirit? It’s a decorating week 
Book your QUIZ teams now! 
You know when you have these two bad ass beer pouring Christmas be coming 
First day of my vacation, Ann. I have my post it note ready for my 
December got me like ...... 
Today our elf on the shelf had some fun by making a little mess of our Christmas tree! 
Our Tree Team helping make Christmas happen in Midsomer Norton 
I hope you had an amazing holiday with family and friends, Ohio. This is a Taylor family tradition 
Wowee those fireworks were so pretty! Thanks for having me 
PCSO’s Kopczyk and Flanagan with Father Christmas at the start of the Ho Ho Helsby Festive parade. 
London’s Covent Garden is looking ready for Christmas today 
Thanks Mrs Brown & Mrs Perkins for helping the little elves of P3/2 add finishing touches to their rustic tree decorations. You can buy these beautiful crafts on Saturday 2nd of December at the Thornlie Christmas Fair. We can’t wait to see you there! 
Nope mine has been up since last weekend 25th Nov, kids love it 
32 DAYS TO CHRISTMAS! Have you got your copy of 
Looking forward to seeing people 
How fun are the red and green LP's? 
Come and join the mad folk of Bude on Christmas day! 
Catch me on the Christmas house party edition of the 
It’s time to get in the holiday spirit! Today on the blog I’m sharing a home tour of all my Christmas Decor! 
We're so excited to be hosting another 
"Up to 2,000 people expected to attend Crediton Christmas Lights Switch-On!" we're looking forward to this Saturday!
Christmas decs poised, festive jumpers lined up and a playlist full of jingle bells standing by. December, we're ready!Help us fill tomorrow's playlist and tell us your all-time favourite Christmas songs. Go on, throw in some guilty pleasures too! 
Due to popular demand.The Porthminster Beach Cafe Cook Book is  now available in a limited edition, cloth bound hardback. A perfect gift for Christmas available now online 
Christmas lights went up on the coffee cart today! 
HOLIDAY CHEER HAPPENING NOW!! 
Great stocking  stuffer for Xmas 
Our 2017 cast of Oliver took part in the Christmas Parade 
I just want to start my Christmas shopping already 
70 stalls handmade crafts
Our Christmas Season is GO 
Book your Santa Safari visit today and save up to 20% online! 
Festive hats and headbands for your holiday party! 
Tickets on sale tomorrow. Get yours before they sell out! 
Spruce up your holidays with our  most polarizing Seasonal beer! Old Tjikko is back on tap at the Grove Bierhall. Come see which side of the fence you’re on. Prost!! 
 IT'S CLUE CHRISTMAS! 
these wonderful characters...especially at such a magical time of year! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas...
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas...many thanks to 
Double stranded sock blanks are perfect for knitting an identical pair of socks! You just unravel and knit the two strands or ball them up and go one at a time. I still have a handful for 
Wines Direct have launched their new online shop...just in time for Christmas! 
T'is the season to be jolly!!
There is something so festive about new historical romances 
Almost looking like little ‘lowly cattle sheds’ - always a lovely Christmas 
Peppermint Mochas in these cups, Rockefeller Center, SHU Christmas Tree Lighting, All I Want for Christmas is You... Its almost here!
These 9 places are offering a delicious and festive Christmas afternoon tea throughout December 
It's 'bee'ginning to look a lot like Christmas here at 
1 dozen, 3 dozen or 6 dozen - no matter what you choose, you can save up to 39%! Perfect time to stock up for the holidays (or for yourself, we won't judge) 
University Campus students - be sure to wear your Christmas outfits to bingo tonight! 
When it comes to Christmas @Beamish_Musuem pull out all the stops 
We've written two features for this month's 
Help support local charity 
We're getting ready for the festive season, come along to one of our fab family events before Christmas and try something new! 
The great safari bake off, starring Mrs Claus!
PERFORMER ANNOUNCEMENT! Cheesecake extraordinaire Harlow Kitty!December 21st at 
FRIDAY 1ST DECEMBER!!! HAPPY ADVENT CALENDAR DAY!! 
Enter to win a VIP package to Christmas at the Ryman with 
Had a fab time at our 16-25 Mencap Youth Club yesterday 
 Only 7 days to go until our Fantastic Christmas Fair 
Happy Christmas to all our followers, from (most) of the Cardiff children’s diabetes team 
It's the countdown for Christmas and we are ready 
11 types of photos everyone is taking with Valletta's gorgeous new Christmas light dome 
Reading a new story tmrw 
2 days till she arrives
 Have fun with us this Christmas and create your very own Wonderbauble. Give it a try! 
Our Christmas Special this year is @ 
Journey to the North Pole through our dazzling display of sparkling lights, snowy scenes and magical music this festive season 
Officially acceptable to jam out to Christmas music now.
It's all about the little things during the holidays, like a perfectly trimmed tree! 
25 hours. twenty five hours. TWENTY FIVE HOURS. 
What's your favourite Christmas song? We couldn't decide on ours so had to find a compromise for the 
X X X M A S  M E N U 
Make plans with us this Christmas & New Year. There's lots of places to visit to get you into the festive spirit and more buses on 
Mummy & Jenson had a lovely morning at 
Only 4 more weeks until every lad in Britain gets one of these on Christmas Day
JUNO winner Steve Strongman is having a Christmas show and has a few award winning friends joining him ! 
this Saturday we'll be having a christmas party & fundraising auction! 
If you're looking for some new ideas for an 
The George Square Christmas Market opens tomorrow! 
 Packing up a bundle of lovely Irish books to send to lucky 
We’re bringing back our 
What do you get when Ebenezer Scrooge, Santa Claus & 
Pat Gallen visited Historic Strawberry Mansion bright and early this morning to learn about 
Don't miss out on the unveiling of 
Feeling very festive in the Boston office thanks to Amy and Christie! 
This week, as it's December 1st, here I am looking all festive with my buddy 
It’s cold outside and 
Santa’s visiting the Holiday Hop Pop Up Shop at 873 N High St during Holiday Hop until 9pm 
WXCU is NOW officially playing XMAS Tunes all season long!
Have you been naughty or nice? 
The tree is up, we have helped 
The iconic red nose is back. Happy holidays, everyone!
 asked 4th graders in the 11th Congressional District to send him ornaments for his Christmas Ornament Contest, and these beauties were voted on by students to represent 8 of our elementaries! 
 is finally here and we're literally wasting 0 time getting into the Holiday spirit with 
Looking forward to visiting Haigh Hall   tomorrow for the Christmas artisan market 
Today is all about the Team... 10am 
It's (almost) Christmas! 
Christmas has arrived at Windsor Castle! 
Only 4 days until our Holiday Showcase. Tickets are almost sold out! Startups, cocktails, raffle, and a fireside chat w/ 
Halloween is so over and it’s now socially acceptable to break out the Christmas decorations. 
It’s beginning to feel a lot like CHRISTMAS...in Los Angeles 
Can you beat this CHRISTMAS TREE WITH A MODEL TRAIN RUNNING AROUND IT?! 
 TAPA DENNISTOUN WEEKEND ADVENT COMPETITION 
On the 3rd day of Christmas 
Preschool uses shape stencils to create at the Writing Center. #imagination#learningtowrite#
Go cashless this Christmas. 
Show your some community some love tonight. Be a part of the festive fun from 5:30 @ St Nicholas church. There’s plenty on for all the family + afterwards we have home made mince pies + mulled wine
If you feel like getting festive, take a decorating tip or two from 
Stuck for ideas for Christmas? Well look no further.....today we launch our brand new GIFT VOUCHERS! We have vouchers for consultation, treatment and massage! You can pick them up at the clinic or even call us on 01782 660744 and reserve yours over the phone! 
What a fabulous opportunity! It would be great to see one of 
Get Festive Feasting Ready at Neven Maguire's Simply Better Christmas Cookery Demo 
Oh and there's a World Premiere in tonight's 
Ahh starting to get excited for Christmas now. Loved taking Summer to see Santa today. My tree going up tomorrow 
JUST FOR YOU  Mike 
Here is today’s advent 
 “The second day of devolution, my Mayor said to me...” The 12 Nays of Devolution from the Women’s Leadership Group Happy Christmas LCR! 
It's hard to stand out in a photo with this magnificent Christmas tree behind me! 
Row upon row of independent makers & creators pop up every week Thursday - Sunday on Spinningfields. Take a festive trip to the 
Need advice on choosing books for older kids & YA? Tune into 
Yes.... we are going there! 
We can’t wait to share the world premiere of a gorgeous new carol by Jaakko Mäntyjärvi at our concert in Newman University Church on Saturday December 9th 
Our halls have been decked and The Jones is now your official holiday destination! 
Come and join in the festive fun at 
TIS THE SEASON TO BE JOLLY!
Deux Giveaway en cours! JOUR 3
With only 5 parkruns until Christmas 
Norfolk black feather turkey, smoked bacon & cranberry stuffing, pigs in blanket. We hosted our first Christmas party last night and this is a sneak peak of our Christmas menu this year 
To enter the competition simply place an order of £50 or above via the web store throughout December (more lines added this weekend)... 
A 2018 manifesto for all schools.If You Could Choose Any Christmas 
 Thanks for making the girls night! 
Happy 1st of December! Thanks to all our customers for sharing pics of our Christmas range – we love seeing them all and can't wait to see more
 Holiday Open House 2017
Or even 'Happy'! 
We're all ready for Christmas at 
Anyone else hoping for a holiday to Ibiza under their tree this Christmas? 
Superb info graphic - Merry Christmas 
Helicopter Museum Advent Calendar 
See!!! Kirsty’s got my back! Lay off me... 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Look at what I just received in the mail!! 
Great so see so many attend the Memory Cafe at 
Our gorgeous Environ Christmas Gift Boxes 
 BIGGA NW Christmas Quiz - Monday 4th December, Bolton Old Links GC. 6pm for food £57pm for quiz
All wrapped up for a day of festivities around Nottingham, feeling so ready for Christmas now. Will be vlogging on my insta stories
hope ur all feeling fe(et)stive and remembering the true meaning of December - the baby jeepus and the virjoen mary 
We've got holiday décor like never before! 
Christmas came early for the CRU!      
We're wreathed and ready for the holidays! Thanks to the staff, the talented wreath artists, members of the Chicago cast of 
Christmas is on its way! We are thrilled by 
It's day two of 
Dublin NW Repeal are launching our Advent Calendar to give all the reasons why 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! Lights switch on today in Dungiven. Entertainment commences at 4.15pm with switch on at 5.00pm. Wrap up warm! 
Pop in and join us on this fabulous Xmas shopping event 
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
Just one hour to go until 
Non-League Advent Calendar day three 
Do you have a t-shirt? Order from my website now! Great 
A VICTORIAN CHRISTMAS! 
Christmas excitement level: 
NEW gear just in time for the holidays
5 Ways Athletes Can Stay Motivated During the Holidays 
Want to get in the Christmas spirit this weekend?Join us at the Enterprise Hub tomorrow at 
It may be cold in Walford, but this will warm your heart...
Fri 1st Dec is the last 
A3 Head to our Christmas Shopping evening at the National Army Museum next Wednesday!
DECORATING OUR HOUSE FOR CHRISTMAS 
Bang up to date for 2017 –  the Official Top 20 biggest selling Christmas hits of ALL TIME revealed 
Ho ho ho-ld on! Are you joining the 
Santa has made the long journey back to the 
Competition time! Tell us which 
After a long week, it’s nice to kick your feet up and enjoy the moment 
The Perfect Christmas Present 
The advent starts here - join us! 
It's December, so it's officially acceptable to put up your Christmas tree  
Last night in my new coat which definitely looks like a Christmas pudding (in a good way)
Christmas is a busy time of year, so we’re doing all we can to get you where you want to be. More info: 
Christmas comes early at Kent Cider Co. 
I'm now offering 25% off in my Etsy store! Start your shopping today 
Some great festive events 
*Live* Give the Gift of Fun this Christmas 
Guys...I need your help. I'm filming with someone tomorrow and we want to go a Christmas themed video! Best idea...gets a shout out in the video! GO GO GO! 
‘It’s starting to feel a lot like Christmas’
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Mayfair
Have you visited our Enchanted Forest Grotto yet? You can book your tickets here 
It’s almost time for Chelsea’s Christmas lights switch-on. 
I’m really excited to get home to my Christmas tree. Yeah, I said it. I love my goddamn holiday house and I won’t be shamed! 
Ain’t no Party like a Porter Party!@jasminehemsley 
Quick peek at our 'nearly Christmas
 TOY APPEAL | Mansfield 103.2 are delighted to team up with Kings Mill Hospitals Children’s Ward - helping make hospital visits easier & less stressful.
! Day off needed. If you need me I’ll be drinking mulled wine and putting up my Christmas tree 
Ho ho ho... it’s time to choose your tree
All you need to know about Christmas at Butlers Wharf Chop House this year! 
Follow Ebenezer Scrooge, Tiny Tim and the whole gang through A Christmas Carol at 
At these farms and forests, the search for the perfect 
We hope those stockings are filled with the 
Our Christmas Tree is up in the main foyer. Thank Mayor Norman. 
Number of advent calendars Basil Dog has - 2Number of advent calendars I have - 0And he’s not interested in sharing either 
Zip World Adventure Calendar Day 1 
LAST DAY to enter to Enter to WIN our entire 
The most wonderful time of the year is upon us, which means 
Thank you to everyone who took part in our 
Who’s ready to light this beauty up?! See you tomorrow, Front and K, 4:30pm 
Just a very few £25 seats left for this glorious festive concert 
Amazing crowd in Toronto tonight 
Yum! Fab taster of Chef Jamie & team's Festive Menu - 3 courses for £27 - 27th Nov to 22nd Dec 
Come find yummy Rocky Road reindeer on our charity Christmas stall. Get there early as they will fly away fast...
Start planning for the holidays now! These cities are guaranteed to get you in the holiday spirit. 
Finally! I printed more postcards just on time for the festive season 
Festival of Trees & Traditions continues today, 10am-5pm! See you soon 
Tonight! Rain or Less rain 
My Christmas festive inspired look 
Check out our Instagram page to be in with a chance of winning a 
To all our lovely clients.. we have very limited availability left leading up to Christmas
Don’t forget to RSVP for our Christmas showcase on Thursday 23rd of November
 FEEL THE INCOMING CRIMBO! We are NOW taking bookings, for our PROPER NORTHERN CHRISTMAS menu on 020 7249 7455 / bookings@jaguarshoes.com / two courses £25 / three courses £29  
What a fantastically festive first day at 
Flight is booked. Your boy is coming home for Christmas 
Follow us & Retweet this post for a chance of winning today's prize! 
Thanks to everyone who came out for the Lenzie lights switch on tonight 
Give the gift that gives back this Christmas. 
You guys I went ALL OUT!! 
Well as its December 1st tomorrow we thought this might put you in the 
WE ARE OPEN TODAY 
This Angel is very excited to be watching Nativity at the Palace Theatre, Manchester. 
There's a giant Christmas tree going up in the park 
 JOIN THE BRADFORD BULLS FOUNDATION FOR CHRISTMAS CAROLS.Details 
Our Beer Advent Calendars are flying out the door! 25 different beers for 25 days. The perfect way to count down to Christmas Day. 
Spend your evening here at Santana Row! 
Excited for our annual Christmas tree lighting! 
Forget a gingerbread house and give this impressive Christmas centrepiece a try. 
!!Holiday SALE!!
Get into the festive spirit this Sunday at our 
The season is almost upon us...
 Let's keep it going  West Coast only 1/2 hr left 
It's finally December...
Just spoke to Mayor of Slough Cllr Ishrat Shah who said: "I think the weather doesn't stop people coming out. You have see the enjoyment and excitement of Christmas." 
Who's tucked into their fairtrade 
 making our afternoon tea & festive dreams comes true today! I mean how amazing is that tree 
Dates have opened up for Christmas parties at our venue, The Hide! 
The Christmas season is here! Such a great night at the Christmas Tree lighting at 
Happy 1st of December! Time to open your advent calendar, put up the tree... and book your tickets for 
The Dancer Body advent Calendar... out now - sign up on 
My son George was very happy to meet 
Remember saffron aid donations can be left in the clubrooms during lotto tonight and any other time this week that clubrooms are open 
Wonderful carol singing from St Peter's primary school to accompany the switching on of the Hengist Christmas tree lights in Aylesford 
 Just over 2 wks to our Christmas Special at 
Bloomsbury is having a fantastic Christmas sale!100 Ideas for Primary Teachers: Mindfulness in the Classroom is 30% off. 
All your Sabbatical Officers want for xmas is more flat floor and storage space for York Students, societies and sports teams! Make sure to sign their xmas card in Your Space for the big cheeses at Heslington Hall! Lets make sure we put it firmly on the agenda
 It's all happening in Hinckley tomorrow night!! 
It's the holiday season! 
MY Holiday Collectiom for 2017 debuts this week....stay tuned 
In London over Christmas and New Year? Find info on travel changes at 
Turn your holiday lights off before leaving home or going to bed. 
It’s my favorite time of the year! 
Christmas film lovers - assemble! Just tell us your fave festive film & your no.1 will appear on VUER to watch on board. Click the link to see your choices! 
Zip World Adventure Calendar Day 1
DON'T MISS IT
If you've never made a Christmas cake, this classic recipe is the one for you: 
If nobody's asking you sarcastically if you've got enough lights on your Christmas tree, then you don't have enough lights on your Christmas tree. 
CHRISTMAS BEERS FOR EVERYONE! 
Just 1 day till 
Late Night Shopping & Choir of 1,000 Voices - Thurs 14th December
Just 3 more sleeps! Tickets available now for The Joy Of Christmas 
Did you know we have an online shop?  You can buy from our brand new and exclusive Christmas 
MEET IAN BEALEThe panto king 
VERY IMPORTANT QUESTIONS about A Christmas Prince 
Too excited because I get to wear a Santa hat doing a live shot. It’s cool 
Just ordered my copy. You should order yours! 
We hope you had fun at Oxford's Christmas Light Festival thisyear 
Ho Ho Hi! 
Who said putting the tree up would be easy! We can't wait to see it finished! 
The nice young man who changed my oil today said he liked the music that was playing in my car. So, I gave him an 
I'll be at this lovely Christmas Fair on Sunday- come along and pick up some original handmade gifts 
We're getting in the holiday spirit at the USA Triathlon National Office! 
 fab atmosphere in store today with the marching band and 
There's a whole lot going on 
Christmas preparations well under way. Great work by Graham, Kevin & Jess. It’s not too late to order from 
Six of the best hampers in the new 
Thanks to all who came along to our Xmas pub quiz! £1650 raised 
Our annual Holiday Open House 
The countdown is on for the Christmas Shopping Fayre! 
Something different! My new Christmas arrangements for 
All we want for Christmas this year is several shots on goal at 
On the third day of Christmas... Why not twin your Christmas Tree with a YCF Project? The idea is simple. You decide what your £10 goes towards & we will send you a Bauble to match. For the full twin list & Christmas fact sheet, contact Claire.Cunningham@yorkshireccc.com
We’re switching on the Christmas Tree Lights in Glengormely! 
Our Production Manager’s dog Tia is in the festive spirit! Happy 1st December everyone 
Have you discovered what's behind door 2 in our 
'Christmas In Tahoe’ ft originals, classics & 5 new holiday favorites is available everywhere to stream/download
Pawsing for thought here. Dogs are forever - not just for Christmas (even adopted gentlemen like me)
Don't forget it's 
Did you spot us in the Dec edition of 
Meet the 'Rye Nogg'...one of our fave new cocktails from our 
Deck the halls this weekend with our new range of Puleo Trees! 
Meet Walter, the star of our Christmas campaign
Win a prize every day of December with One Call! 
Christmas markets are popping up all over London these days 
Expat Australian gingerbread man who, like thousands of Australians abroad, yearns for home in David Jones latest (most adorable) 
Join us Saturday 25th for the Moston Festivities! 
Hot off the Press - one of our pupils has won the Mayor's Christmas Card Competition and will turn on the Christmas Lights in Brentwood this weekend. Make sure that you turn up to see exactly who it is!! 
Some great things happening in Truro over Christmas 
Sampling Day Success! Our Christmas Panini was such a hit that we had a queue just for them: "That panini is the best thing I've ever eaten!"
Fantastic thank you . If it's ok will put in 
At least I get to listen to something entertaining in gridlocked N1 traffic this morning. Happy December 
Don't mind if we do... 
HO, HO, HO! It's that time of the year, babes! Our Christmas doughnuts will be available from our store tomorrow! Get a 6 pack this Christmas! 
The Celebrity Kettle Kick-Off is underway at the Vancouver Art Gallery! 
Aaand...it’s up!!! 
Our Christmas women <3 tech meet-up is filling up fast. We'll be talking about women in sport and technology as well as sharing a festive drink 
Well Thursday 30th November only means one thing in 
Nice little treat for a Sunday afternoon 
We're going home for Thanksgiving today and the "I'll Be Home For Christmas" video is out nowwww
With Christmas only 5 weeks away, prep is well underway for busy December in Wren Chapel! Why not follow our very own 
Zarjaz 350 digital pages of 
That may have been what we were going for. Christmasy and addictively tasty! 
It's all getting very Christmassy in 
Christmas lights in the Rose Garden and a tree already lit in the Oval. 
Brilliant job of turning on Marlow’s lights by 
Why yes, I came out in my Rudolph sweater and furry vest. Bundle up, if you're coming to the 
I truly can’t express how thankful I am to have this amazing community & to do what I love~! Thank you all for coming to my 
One of many new songs. Come enjoy a real festive treat, when we play Liverpool, Sheffield and Manchester next week 
Just had delivery of my Christmas Tree from the very helpful chaps 
We're delighted to be a part of 
Tudors waited until New Year’s Day before dishing out Christmas presentsOur medieval ancestors didn't decorate their homes until Christmas Eve As for modern Britain, most us will turn our Christmas lights on today! 
Get into the Christmas 'spirit' this Friday evening by coming along to The Fence Gate and sampling our vast array of gins! 
Lovely way to kickstart Christmas 
End Of The Road Christmas Shindig is here on the 6th Dec & you're all invited..
And I'm 70 years old! Actually, keep that bit quiet. 
The countdown has begun...one week to go until the lights are turned on! Help us get the 'bauble' rolling with our selfie challenge. We want to see your best bauble selfie as you go around the trail, so send us a picture with the hashtag 
We are open 7 days a week throughout 
If you are up late and still listening to stuff here you go… 
Check out this playbill advertising A Christmas Carol at the New Adelephi Theatre. More info 
I don't know what you're talking about. My family isn't extra. 
Now I’m even more excited for Christmas 
One of the festive nail art looks we created in our Covent Garden store yesterday (all in prep for Thursday's 
How amazing would it be to get up that close and spend the day with rhinos? Well you can at 
Vote NOW for your favourite choir! We thought all three schools were absolutely fantastic. Regardless which school receives the most votes in the end, they are all winners to us! Poll ends on Sunday 3rd Dec at 6pm
Local author: Erin Green is creeping up the books charts 
It’s almost that time of year on 
Fancy trying a lovely new 
The most wonderful time of the year 
Merry & Bright! 
Ok it's official... feeling festive! 
Today's mission: Buy a tea flower. Thanks to 
 festivities in the office this week! The countdown is well underway 
HAPPY DECEMBER EVERYBODY!!! 
 Day 3 of our advent calendar! 
Cookie Mixes ready to go out for delivery 
Me too!  Right after church. 
December starts in only a few short days and with it we would like to introduce you to a brand new Christmas classic... 
Who's the biggest grinch? 
What are you most looking forward to at Christmas? 
Starting the Christmas season by lighting 
There are just TWO days to go until this year's Bath Christmas Market kicks off! 
We're getting in the festive spirit with this week's 
Oh, isn't Kingston looking beautiful & festive! 
COMING SOON : WANTED THIS WINTER 
It's December 1st, so you know what that means... 
Sample time...we're handing out Young's 'Winter Warmer' right now! 
Christmas houseplants to make your home super festive 
The Kenilworth light switch on is in full swing! 
Escape the hustle and bustle and step back through time to The 
We've got something super exciting planned for Christmas 
Another creative morning working on our 
Last chance to apply today
Christmas night walk through London. 
Young Spireites Christmas Party! 
Only 4 weeks until the 2017 
Crosby village Christmas tree looks great - best ever! 
Get your shine on with a bottle of this unique moonshine from Silver Creek Distillery. Try their flagship Clear Shine or a fun flavoured Shine. 
It’s December & the tree is up! (Sometimes small, is better we think) 
Prizes for our Virtual Ultra Challenge!  
Our quintet had a lovely morning at 
Merry Xmas ... it’s a time of good will 
It's not just the tree that's dressed for Christmas 
Make this December the most festive ever by visiting Santa's Winter Wonderland! 
I love cheesy holiday 
Proud of MTA Board Members Denny Olson, Ken Gauthier, and Bill Deater delivering state Christmas Tree 
Christmas tree have arrived in abundance 
Thanks to everyone who stopped for a photo with Bino today! We hope you all had a fantastic day at the 
All I want for Christmas is RI Teacher Training 
We're kicking off the 12 days of deals at Redbubble! Two weeks filled with giddy joy where you can score awesome discounts on your favorite products featuring all of your favorite unique & original designs.Check it out » 
No doubt that’s because you and your amazing cast did what you do best. Be brilliant!! Mission accomplished in spreading that good old Christmas cheer!
To help you enjoy Belton in full sparkle we’re staying open an hour later (till 5pm) every weekend up till Christmas 
It's here!  It's Cyber Monday.  Don't forget to give some thought to where you will have those packages delivered.  Have a great online 
Support your local retailers this Christmas and 
Congratulations to team Won Click for taking first place in our holiday t-shirt decorating competition today! 
Go Team CN!!! 
Its sounds a lot like Christmas 
 Taw Restaurant Christmas Menus 
It has that Melania touch. 
Downtown Raleigh....lit! The 
We love an ornament with a little charm! Check out 
An upside down tree is the hot new trend for Christmas 2017. Ha, ha whatever will the fashionistas think of next. 
Christmas is definitely on its way! 
With the snow falling, Durham is an amazing Winter Wonderland and it's beginning to look a lot like 
Dancing at one of our favourite concerts of the year, the RCMP Janeway Christmas concert !! 
Everyone is welcome to join us tomorrow at the Mundella Christmas Fayre: 12 - 2pm 
Thinking about the week ahead? 
Christmas paradise at @decoratorswarehouse in 
Today we have been delivering leaflets with burglary prevention advice. We had the chance to see beautifully decorated Christmas trees 
Final day to get your Kinda Funny Christmas card! It's November's fan mail perk on 
Don't spend Christmas in the kitchen! 
Selling out of these white tees pretty quick, if you want them before Christmas then grab ‘em here 
HASHTAG KIT RESTOCK! Head to the store now to get your Home & Away kits available in ALL SIZES! Pre-order now to ensure they arrive in time for Christmas: 
Our N5 retailing class are busy putting their display skills to good work today.  We didn’t tell them Ms C will redo it once they leave! 
Savour the Flavours of Christmas! 
We need YOUR help to make Christmas special for a child that would have to go without any gifts this year. The giving tree has arrived
Sooo who's up for a little festive giveaway? 
Keep an eye on our website for all our events in the run up to Christmas 
Mince Pie & chicken soup for breakfast! 
Hotel bars: a swanky way to de-stress during the holidaze. 
Mirrorbaubles more like. Expect plenty of Christmas bangers and warming house, R&B and dancefloor classics from 11-2am tonight. FREE entry Christmas 
Must be December - Christmas coffee is here! 
Help us spread some holiday cheer in the upcoming weeks by donating a new, wrapped item to the Calgary Women's Centre! 
'Tis the season! We're giving you the chance to win one of five product of the year hampers... Click through to enter now. 
We can't wait for Thursday! Our first Christmas event of the year!! 
Morning everyone, hope you're having a great weekend so far! 
This Years Bendel’s Tree 
These adorable Christmas tree brownies are getting us excited for Christmas!
There’s a certain little thing happening soon ( 
We're already starting to feel festive in our children's library! 
A Boy Called Christmas by 
NEW: Blogmas Day 2 | 50 Blogmas Post Ideas 
I had the best weekend performing at the Fordingbridge and Wandsworth Town Christmas Lights! I hope you like this video I made!
Now that it's officially November, are we OK to say the C-word? 
Plan your Christmas break at the NEWLY TRANSFORMED Red Cow Moran Hotel 
 from yesterday's matinee show 
We’ve had a wonderful time at the 
 is always merrier with suede leggings. The perfect combination of comfort and joy, now 2 for $75. 
Enjoy 25% off all Oh Wonder merch with the code OW25 
Bring your kids to decorate our Christmas tree 
I'm going to do 25 days of Christmas 
Are you putting your tree up this weekend or just relaxing? 
Sign that the Xmas Party Season is here...Paragon Xmas Party tonight 
The calm before the storm. First official weekend of the Toronto Christmas Market! On until Dec 23rd. 
Celebrate Xmas with us! 
We’ve got that festive feeling..
 Wrapping up the December photo shoot for the Women of APD calendar. We wish you a wonderful Christmas season! 
It’s day 2 of the 12 Days of Xmas Giveaways, we are giving away an Extreme Passing Kit. Check back at 11 EST for hints on where to find 
Help us spread hope to patients, survivors and loved onesthis Christmas by writing good wishes on a pink ribbon. Send your masterpiece back to us and we’ll pop it on our Christmas tree. Download your ribbon here: 
A huge thank you to the fab 
For the first time in ten years I'm feeling festive, and that's because of this Christmas cracker of an event happening in a couple of weeks that I'll be playing at! 
I'm more excited than Bella! 
Lots of preparation behind the scenes! A trek to Derbyshire on Saturday for the tree! 
Gorgeous pieces at our Holiday Photography Market 
Hi folks! Don't forget we'll be open this Sunday (3rd December) from 11:00 to 16:30 for a special festive day - mulled wine, mince pies & 
Getting into the Christmas spirit, the count down begins! 
Happy 1st of December to you all! We are all getting into the swing of Christmas at MediaCom! Photographed here we have Lyndon Macarthur, one of many embracing the media festivities ! 
More Christmas stock has arrived today 
It’s mornings like this that I am so grateful to be able to work in my Uggs beside the Christmas tree 
Happy 1st of December! 
December is almost upon us, but there is still time to book onto one of our fabulous 
It's Day 2 of our 12 Days of Christmas deals! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas on 
This is the BEST. New 
LUville; our campus at Christmastime 
Happy 1st of December! May the advent calendars begin and the Michael Buble tunes play 
The holidays are approaching!! For you we have these beautiful filled handmade hand painted 
Christmas ready! Can't wait to welcome you to Paris House for Christmas celebrations this year! Call 01525 290692 to book your table. 
It's Christmas at The Castle!
Every day in the run up to Christmas I’ll be posting an 
It's Day 1 of our 
Fantastic raffle prizes at the Christmas Craft Fayre this Thursday 
Here's another one of our pre-designed 
Don’t forget the preview Evening of our Christmas showcase Exhibition tonight. 5-9pm. Mulled wine and minced pies too! 
It's day 2 of our 
Join us for the first inaugural 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Mayfair 
Thank you for a sold out event tonight, to everyone who wasn't able to book a seat tonight, we will be painting Joy next week, so come join us 
It's officially Christmas at the Old Swan & Minster Mill! We love the festive period, cosy fires, the smell of cinnamon, gingerbread men, hundreds of fairy lights and of course, a lot of mulled wine! 
Buy Welsh, buy local, buy Food Assembly this Christmas 
Christmas is already upon us at the Principe Felipe 5* Hotel... 
We spy with our little eye something beginning with 'C'.... yes, that's right, our 
CELEBRATING CHRISTMAS IN BRUM! 
Teamwork makes the dream work 
Looking for the perfect gift for your favorite racing fan? Head over to our eBay store to see what kind of goodies you can put under the tree
I haven't been in a christmas mood this early for years so thanks to 
Ta da! Our ‘Helping Hands’ tree is ready for the 
A little bit of honey and a whole lot of Jack. This amazing spirit is a must have on your festive wish list this year
Can't wait for Christmas 
 Just 4 Open Mic's left till 
Our sales staff rocks! That's why we have 
Next up on our advent calendar of brilliant books from 2017 is this illustrated title about Rosa Parks by 
Get our free 2018 Calendar when you buy the December issue
I'm kicking off the first 
I've had some beers and I'm listening to Sufjan Christmas while I walk home. I'm not sorry about it either 
 had their Super Supper this evening. Great company, secret santas and an after-party disco. What a great way to start the holiday season 
It’s definitely nearly Chrimbo; the advent calendar fairy otherwise known as 
We are getting all Christmassy in Banner’s 
The countdown is on to Lighting the Quad! We'll flip the switch on the Main Quad at 5:30 with music, hot chocolate & holiday cheer 
News flash... Christmas 
The Christmas ads have aired so here’s ours! Our ‘Women Inspiring Women’ enamel pin badges would make a fab Christmas present & are available to buy online for £5 +P&P 
Close to being completely SOLDOUT again this Christmas so folks, if you are hoping to be with us all on Dec23 in 
Animal lovers who follow us - Gladstone the treasury cat ( 
Christmas Market I am ready for you! It’s proper toasty in our little barn this morning so grab a cup of mulled cider and snuggle in 
How To Lacrosse Day 3? Throwing 
Give someone an extra special gift this Christmas with our personalised coffee bags! Print someone's name or a special message at no extra cost, order here:
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas ... 
1st December and that means IT'S CHRISTMAS! 
22 DAYS TO GO 
Great stops in Dorchester and Jamaica Plain! Next -- see you soon, Mission Hill. 
Celebrate the holiday spirit at Klyde Warren Park with Nissan's Winter Wonderlights Holiday Show & Tree Lighting this Saturday! The celebration culminates with a holiday show at 5:30 p.m. and the lighting of our tree at 6 p.m.! 
Christmas starts here!!! 
Here’s what you could be up to on Saturday in our Elves Workshop at 
Christmas is coming and Team Cuckoo are all over it! 
Sunday lunch with Santa at Cottrell Park Golf Resort...... ho ho ho 
 It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas at the Zoo
Today we have launched our 2017 Christmas campaign. Our three special Junior Detectives are out and about to 
The final arrangements are now being made. We look forward to seeing you all on Saturday!
The holidays sure look good on you, Woodward Avenue! 
Another UK Kindle chart climber! The wonderful CHRISTMAS AT CONWENNA COVE by 
Dreaming of a winter getaway? We're ready to pack our bags and jet off to these 
"Expect chaos and a shambles from start to finish, a bit like most people’s experience of Christmas itself.” 
We’re back tomorrow 
Come join the fun and make an Ugly Xmas Sweater with us on December 12th from 7-9p! PRIZES. DRINK SPECIALS. $5 SWEATERS. 
The countdown to Christmas (Christmarrs?) has officially begun! 
Just the lights to go now! 
Getting in the holiday spirit... 
More festive fun wreath making today ! A lovely way to spend Sunday . The Garden & Cafe  & shop are open too 
Xmas & New Year Packages Brochures are available
We're looking for a musical 
A massive well done to you all. Thank you so much! 
Enjoyed the Whistle Stop today in 
Beyond excited for Thursday night!! 
It's time to put up the Christmas tree, decorate your home & fill it with the smell of Christmas baking. Enter our competition to win a kit to make gingerbread 
"December first, I'm in a foreign state. I'm running late. I'm all alone, wishing I was home with you, baby..." 
Tap to find your Christmas Tree Pal! Who did you get? 
Eat your way through An Old Time Christmas festival with this handy food guide 
Both the Boots and the Sky movies Christmas adverts make me bubble this year! 
We are at Haverfordwest's Christmas Fayre & lights today. Come and say hi! 
Our resident Time Lord 
Tickets are going quickly for The Kringle Mingle 
We can't believe it's already December 1st! Get in the holiday spirit with 
Matte Silver V2 Premiums are the perfect gift for your loved ones this Christmas! 
Enjoying a mulled wine at Bristol Xmas market with 
The marvellous Amersham A Cappella performing outside the Museum this evening for the Great Missenden Village Christmas Festival 
My favorite time of year... 
Joe (our sous chef) smashed it today at the 
Real or Fake? You decide! 
The 13th annual Andy Kim Christmas takes place on Wednesday December 6 at 7pm at the Queen Elizabeth Theatre! 
Who is up for a Self-Guided Tour of Nights of Lights? 
Hand up the rear of a turkey at 10am.. must be our annual friends Xmas supper! Roast with full festive trimmings for 20... no mean feat
Found the perfect one. 
Thank you to all our members who joined us at our 
I just drove past a Christmas tree farm. pass me a mince pie!! 
FEELING FESTIVE! I am about to dress our tree! Who would like share their festive pics for inspiration?
Don't forget to head to the end of Bath Street to find more of our wonderful chalets 
Chances are that Douglas fir in your living room wasn’t grown locally. 
Don't miss the LAST FEW DAYS of our November offer and get HIM the PERFECT GIFT this CHRISTMAS! 
Its beginning to look a lot like Christmas at Farington Lodge Hotel. Who will be joining us for this years festivities? 
'Tis the season to see Nothing to Lose (But Our Chains) 
Killarney Toastmasters in the Dromhall Hotel 2nd & 4th Tuesdays - it's looking festive over here! ( Christmas Party Night at Dromhall is Dec 15th!) 
I was lucky enough to see 
 time go get  Christmas tree today!  Thanks 
Struggling for Inspiration for a table centre piece? Look no further this stylish set up is made from 
Maybe something you’d be interested in covering 
Even scout elves count down to Christmas 
Remember invite your friends.... Christmas is for sharing 
 Send in your own Round Robin letters & they might be included in our production 
The best way to spread 
EVENT ANNOUNCEMENT: FREE Rave-A-Roo takeover session 
Our delicious festive menus have launched today 
They’re on! And 
That's Ballymoney switched on. Next stop Limavady on Saturday. See you then. 
Such a great idea!!
It's December Raiders; Share Christmas is back!
Do dusty decs set off your asthma? 
Early 10km exploring the main Christmas lights around London 
Be a holiday hero with our Black Friday offer. 
Catch the last hour of the Holiday Open House TONIGHT at Carr's Hill 
And so it begins....Carolyn Hughes knows how to throw a party 
And yes, we are doing the same as everyone else this weekend...... CHRISTMAS TREE 
Thanks for lighting up the holidays with us! Can't wait to do it again next year!
Christmas tree up today? 
 Getting into the Christmas spirit at our lights switch-on with a little help from Denis Irwin, local primary school pupils and 
It's almost my time to shine! My lighting ceremony is on Thursday, Nov. 30 at 8 p.m. (AST). Tune-in live to WCVB Boston Channel 5, an ABC affiliate available in Atlantic Canada on cable. 
Saturday with Santa - and PG and Kyle! Thunder players spread 
From turkeys to trees, it all adds up! Tell us: how are you being 
Use code MERRY to enjoy 25% off EVERYTHING! 
Find out next what Hamburg's Christmas markets are all about. 
 Christmas is coming to Barnsley Museums! 
From the practical, to the cute and quirky - we’ve got Christmas gift ideas for all the farming family 
An iconic Christmas scene 
 On Thursday 7th December we are holding a Christmas Wreath Class & Lunch
This makes my Christmas. 
The festive season has officially started at the 
Merry Mango Christmas all, hope you're having a great day 
We're in full swing of festivities! 
If you’re putting the tree 
We would like to say the biggest thank you to everybody who has supported our Women = Change campaign. So far, your generosity has raised just under £7,000!Donate by 12pm 5th December and your gift will be doubled 
Xmas Party Nights at Safari Venues, located in the grounds of 
Amazing job everyone!  
We intend to celebrate December in style. With 
Happy 1st December!! 
Get your tickets now for Tara's Christmas Dinner
Happy 1st December!
It's the 1st of December! 
Applied Media Arts Dept handcrafted decorations and ornaments, one for each staff member. ‘Tis the season 
What are you doing tonight? Come down to Bishop Auckland marketplace and take part in some 
Get in the mood for Christmas this Saturday 
A moment of calm during a very crazy day shooting our Annual 
You’ve got to be in it to win it. Check out our comp on FB to win 4 tickets to 
It's CHRRRIIISSTTTMMMMASSSSSSS! 
Not started your Christmas Shopping yet? We have gifts they will love! Discover our Christmas Gifts that are better than half price today! 
Our shop’s Gingerbread wreath is giving us all 
We're almost ready to go at 
Well it’s that time of year... who has their Christmas 
Saint Louis it’s almost time 4 Kribmas  again 
Happy December! We have some amazing Christmas concerts coming your way to get you in the Christmas spirit! 
 S L E I G H K W E E N 
Happy December 1st! 'Tis the season to enter for a chance to win this 
As Christmas is just around the corner... we're open until 4pm on Xmas eve. Re-opening on Wednesday 28 Dec. We wish you a Merry Christmas 
It's almost time to turn on the lights of The Merchant Christmas Tree! Come and see us today in The Great Room at 1.30 or 3pm for a performance by the BCGC - Belfast Community Gospel Choir and enjoy complimentary mulled wine and a mince pie! 
Spotted: Millwood Elementary Choir with 
Very limited Bristol and Bundle tickets left for Mistletour! Get them whilst you still can, it's gonna be a weekend to remember 
'Tis the season for beard ornaments! 
Wawi advent calendars: a German Christmas tradition 
Have you downloaded the free advent calendar yet???
Set up underway for Dunollie Makes Christmas 
Check out the many ways you can support us this Christmas 
Death Duty storms home in style for 
 lovers will love Belfast's annual 
Happy December! Our favourite time of the year! 
25th 26th Nov The Great Wetherby Racecourse Antiques Fair 
Christmas dinner day tomorrow! Can't wait to see the children in their Christmas jumpers! 
I can’t believe it’s this time again 
Excited to return to San Diego for 
Ahh it's happening! First Christmas craft fair is underway 
Golf lesson vouchers available for Christmas. Pop in to the Pro Shop at Stockport GC or call 0161 427 2421 to discuss the different programmes available! 
It is really Fall y’all! Are you in the holiday spirit yet? 
Tis' the season of giving 
Look what has landed on our tree this Christmas 
I’m actually peeing. 
This gonna be something real special!!!!! Tickets for 
  We'll be opening the first door of our 
*New competition alert*Win a three-night stay during 
Now Thanksgiving's over... 
What is your favourite song on Imagine? 
We’ve announced some great new 
Kilrea switch on today commencing 4.00pm with lights being switched on at 5.00pm.  Wrap up warm it's cold out there folks brrrr 
25 Days of Christmas Giveaway 
Just 2 WEEKS to go until our 
The Christmas decorations are up and ready for the festive period to commence. We have an extensive selection of menus to suit all occasions, from our festive fine dining a la carte and set lunch menus to small plates and tasting menus. View online 
Not long left to wait until you get to see the 
Machynys Members Shield. Thursday 28th December! 
ICYMI: Taylor's Instagram Story for 
Looking for some one-off Christmas decs? We’ve pulled together some pretty awesome decs, from the quirky to the traditional, to bring festive cheer to your home 
When everyone is on form and in the Christmas spirit... 
Does Christmas come too early? In today’s 
Eat, Drink & Be Happy.Second night of our Member’s Christmas Party 
Is this on your Xmas list ma’am? 
Can’t WAIT to get into the Holiday spirit! 
On sale from Friday!
Big thank you to all visitors who came to So Last Century on Sunday.  Another wonderful day! We’re back again on Sun 10th Dec at Beckenham Place Mansion 
KA's Music Department Christmas Concert will take place on Tuesday 12th December at 7pm. 
‘It’s the most wonderful time of the year’
Christmas tree all decorated and ready for our Christmas Fayre tonight! Thanks to 
Having a great time playing 
Such a wonderful event this evening with 
We’re by the Christmas tree 
The Christmas lights are on in Perseus! 
Anyone else got a furry friend ‘helping’ with your 
I am so flippin excited for Christmas 
Good morning, Boston! Are you ready for tomorrrow? I’m so excited! 
TODAY! Get along to 
Last night at the opening ceremony for the Winter Festival of Lights in 
COME SHOP WITH ME 
We're in Salem, OR tonight performing at 
Hey Woolwich, Christmas is coming...
hey theatre nerds...check out this frickin cool pop up that 
Are you excited for Parade Day? Here's a picture of last year's event taken from the Town Hall!10am - 1pm CHRISTMAS CRAFT FAYRE. Free entry.4:30pm CHRISTMAS LIGHTS SWITCH ON5pm a chance to warm up in Maesteg Town Hall! local dance troupes. Entry £1See you there, Maesteg! 
The Blackpool Tower Eye is the perfect place to send off your letters to 
With just 38 days left until 
X-M A S | P R E P 
I’m a little bit in love with our 
Register to attend our Tree of Thought Light Switch On Event 
The Sunday Post #47 
Have you booked your Christmas party yet?Check out Kitgums amazing Christmas menu below and book through the website 
Wine by the case and gift sets coming soon online ... all packages sent in secure air bags for protection 
Come and try some Applesecco in the TIC today 
Tune in today at 12:45pm for an in-studio performance from Nashville's own 
 is upon us! Pop along to Debbie and Mark's house on Windermere Crescent and enjoy their amazing lights raising money for 
Henry Yates Thompson built the Palm House for "the benefit of the people of Liverpool" by buying your Christmas tree from us you are helping to ensure it will remain open & free to access, plus enable us to continue providing free or heavily subsidised events. Thank you 
RT TO WIN: KYLIE HOLIDAY BUNDLE
It’s that time of year!!!!
Dates for your Diaries......  Christmas Events in the 
Below is the price list for the Trash to treasure goods. Catch us at the Christmas Fayre or send me a message for personalised orders! 
'Tis the season - happy Xmas all. Enjoy the festivities and look after each other 
Enjoy! Lovely to see you all 
WE. CAN'T. WAIT. to wake up tomorrow and see busy markets outside of our window! 
Ok how's this , Merry Christmas 
It's technically 1st Dec.....can we open our chocolate advent calendar now? 
Gifting season has begun! See our beauty director & editor-in-chief 
It's beginning to look like Christmas 
We are all ready for Askham Hall Christmas fair. Sunday. 11am till 4pm. Shepherdess stand is in the barn. Naturally. 
A big thank you also to cafe brunch and 
Feeling Christmassy at Newton-le-Willows Library! Good work from the kids samba band, Newton WI, 
Kevin's back, and he has a friend! These plush toys are the perfect pair to show off your family's festive spirit!
Tag a loved one that works extra hard to bring the holidays to life. 
Next week Big Band favourite Guy Barker will be joined by 
Who is joining Lucja! 
NEW CRIMBO MENU OUT NOW
NEW POST! Diaries at the Ready: Indie Christmas Shopping Events in Glasgow
All your West Point Holiday Show questions answered here: 
I get to get my Christmas on
We are Sending $100 PayPal to everyone who retweets this!Happy Early Christmas 
Can you help? Our annual Christmas Treecycling campaign
What's the best thing about planning a party? We love trying to decide on the perfect decorations 
Brett is performing TOMORROW NIGHT on A Very Pentatonix Christmas with 
Which makes you feel more festive: Christmas wreaths or tinsel? Tell us your pick! 
Wonderful time to kick off the Holiday Season! 
‘Tis the season to ramble. 
Chinese hot pot and tree decorating with my lovely housemates. Gearing up for Christmas 
Something magical is occurring at our HQ right now... things like this don't happen every day! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Health and Social Care
Is it too early to feel festive? Second year dancers don't think so!
Very merry greeting alert!
C H R I S T M A S • M A R K E T 
The load up has begun... 10 hours to go! Throughout the day we’ll be updating our Twitter stories with all the behind the scenes action leading up to the performance. Hope you’re all as excited as we are!
Happy socially-acceptable-putting-up-Christmas-tree day! Check out the decorations in 
Merry Christmas to all my dolls and gentlemen 
WHO ELSE will be shopping online for 
This rain isn’t stoppin’ 
Christmas will arrive at The Merchant this Thurs 23rd Nov! The halls will be decked & our beautiful 25ft Tree will be up. To celebrate, Belfast Community Gospel Choir will sing at 1.30 & 3pm. Join us in The Great Room for complimentary mulled wine & a mince pie!
♫ Check out the playlist “Adeela’s Favorite Christmas Tracks 
 3rd December Giveaway! 
The calm before the Bury St Edmunds 
There is lots of excitement in the building for 
Can't Wait For A Great Christmas 
Just in time for the Holidays, 
The start of December is almost here which means bring on the holiday dresses! 
Test your knowledge with our holiday movie trivia! Do you recall ... the most famous holiday movies of all? 
Grab your friends and plan the perfect winter escape in The Lodge this Christmas! 
Its beginning to look a lot like 
Eeeeekk just 2 weeks until our Christmas Fayre ... don’t forget we have our own trees to pick
Gift Card Battle Rd. 3
Christmas has its own dangers for Heathrow Airport security 
Heading out with your family today? Don't forget up to 3 accompanied kids (under 16s and Bus ID holders) travel free on all our services - 
Looking forward to this on Sunday. Performing an Christmas Movie Mash-Up written by the wonderful 
Congratulations & Bravo to @holyfamilysch02 's "Foli" on your performance at 
We won't be making a book tree out of our TBR books this year. We are making a forest. 
To everyone taking part in todays 
 all three of these school history titles as a special Christmas 
This is how we do Christmas colors. 
Get into the festive mood with help from the experts
LOVE Christmas. Time of year is so special, spending lots of time with loved ones!! 
A9: Doing our annual pre-Christmas getaway this year in 
SHOP THIS HOLIDAY WITH ME! 
The Manchester Christmas Markets are finally here! 
We're only ONE WEEK away from Christmas on Campus 2017! What's your favorite 
Here's a sneak peak of our events menu. Book with us & receive a free Cava for all your guests!
Compliments Of The Season!!!
Get festive with us next week for our 
Join us tomorrow at 9:30 with 
Do you know any potato lovers? We have the perfect spud Christmas present 
We’re looking forward to joining 
Christmas trees on sale from 10.30am until 4pm tomorrow and Sunday (when we also have a free Sunday concert from 2pm til 4pm with refreshments on sale)
Have a festive and fun filled weekend with Etsy Made Local. Full event info here: 
 - do you know the best places to buy Christmas decorations locally? 
Who's spending Saturday night putting up the Christmas Tree? If so.. I want to see!! 
The Nashville tree is lit! And it’s so pretty, don’t you think? 
How will you be doing your Christmas shopping this year? 
The tree is lit and glistening in DTSB. What a beauty
Who's excited for Christmas?
It’s time to get into the Christmas Spirit! 
It's the Christmas edition of 
Some really lovely bits at the 
Our 12 Days of Christmas Giveaways starts today! 
 means it's officially time for 
Just doing the finishing touches ready for 
Deck the halls with rows of bookshelves, fa la la la la! 
Christmas in Vittoria is now!! Lots of great gift ideas and unique stocking stuffers here. Great specials too! Gift baskets and cider to compliment any holiday meal!! 
Tescos advert with my daughter Poppy 
University Campus students - Don't forget Christmas bingo this Wednesday! 
Jesus, Gary, and Joseph
We have something special brewing in the lead-up to Christmas - keep an eye out on this space! 
HallamCash4Kids: Great! Thank you! 
Thank you so much Catherine! 
Stop by the tree lighting tonight in Boston at 85 Northern Ave as we sample our mini crab rolls + lobster bisque shooters and 
‘Tis the Season! 
Join us for the best holiday party in 
We have lots of surprises planned for this Holiday season
Everyone is getting into the festive spirit o day! 
 you guys are amazing!!  63 gift bags made to brighten christmas morning for local kiddies 
BRB, taking a trip down Holiday Lane 
Xmas Events Selling Fast!! Book Your Night Out! 
Top floor group shot. ‘‘Tis the season
 Deck the Halls with Personalised Decorations! - 
Get the holiday season started off right with your 
Here are just some of the products which Trash to Treasure will be selling at the Christmas Fayre this Saturday and Sunday. See you there! 
Treat yourself to our tasty Christmas baked goods available throughout December in our RSC cafes 
Café space is looking festive 
Download your FREE Christmas activity pack for use with pupils from Foundation to Key Stage 2. 
Xmas is just around the corner & time is running out to get a FREE Y Not jumper when you buy a 2018 ticket. 
The Garden, cafe & shop are open 11-3 (except Saturdays) until Dec 15. Come for a wintry walk then warm up with a hot choc and a warming lunch at the cafe
Christmas has arrived at Bruce Stevenson HQ!
Annual Christmas Craft Fair Sat 2nd Dec 12noon-3pm
Snow, a made up country (Aldovia, just different enough from Genovia), royalty drama, a sick kid, an accidentally undercover reporter breaking all the rules, a love rival, a glitzy ball - MERRY CHRISTMAS 
 We are restocked with our mini condo size Christmas trees in stock 
Christmas Fayre ready!! 
Sunday night in Scotland. We know what you’re doing. We see you. 
We know it's only just turned December but looks like Xmas 
 Do you leave the TV when opening Christmas presents? We want YOU to tell us all about your Christmas TV traditions! 
Preparations for the SFRS Family Support Trust Beneficiary Christmas Lunch are almost complete. Looking forward to seeing everyone on Sat
Feeling totally festive after the loveliest Christmas party 
So psyched that cast members from "A Christmas Carol" 
It's time for Episode 5 of our 
They’re here!!!Pick up your limited edition Giants Advent Calendar, £10 each, starting tomorrow night 
This morning rehearsing Christmas 
‘Tis the season for holiday donuts // Sprinkles on top, please...
Happy 1st door Day everyone 
Today's your last day to join 
Just a few left of our Travel Trio Holiday GIFT w PURCHASE! Orders by Noon PT ship today in time for all US delivery before Christmas! 
 CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY DAY 1 
That’s the spirit! 
Here is a sneak peak of this year’s Festival of Trees at the Gatlinburg Convention Center. This will definitely get you in the holiday spirit. Event is free and starts tomorrow at 10am. 
Helping Parish Councillors - Tyrone Ripley, Peter Masson, Gary Rosewell, Stephen Hunt, John Arnold and Village Caretaker, Cliff Hansford to put up the Christmas tree.This year's lovely tree was once again very kindly donated by Bob Friend and family.Thank you Bob 
TONIGHT: Sunday December 3 Greenville TN Niswonger Performing Arts Center 7:30 PM 
Today is a great day to support your 
Introducing TCU's 2017 Christmas tree! This 42 foot tall blue spruce came all the way from Grand Rapids, Michigan, and will be officially lit on November 28 
Remember to ‘come as you please’ to school tomorrow.We’ll be accepting £1 donations to support our Christmas Fair 
It's December! Time for our 
 Seen our advent calendar on Instagram Stories yet? Make sure you check it out each day for stats, videos, photos and the chance to win a few money can’t buy prizes! 
*singing* "Alllll I Want For Christmas Issssss Yoooooooooooouuuuuuuuuu!"Happy 1st of December everyone! 
We are hoping to make this an annual event so there is always next year. Maybe you can make the Faculty Holiday gathering on 12/13. 
It’s feeling very festive outside the Roman Baths entrance thanks to the beautiful Christmas tree!
Happy December 1st y’all 
Our range of 20% off Christmas books is growing! We will have no room left if we keep adding tables! 
Here's a sneaky peek at our delightful December issue. Keep your eyes peeled... it's out soon & full of festivities 
‘Tis the season for the book tree! 
Happy Holidays 2 all that were in attendance @ the Montefiore Square Christmas 
Purchase select mattress sets & get a FREE adjustable base OR choose to gift a FREE mattress to a loved one. 
It is great to be back after half term, and don't you look well!It will almost be Christmas... 
Helping each other today during arts and crafts 
One of our lovely trees put up this morning by the wonderful WASPI ladies 
 Who's ready for Holiday Light Tours?  Charter the Clearwater Jolley Trolley (for as little as $15 per person)... 
Check out these 10 Great Gifts for Christmas 
Our North candle has been flying off the shelves, get yours in time for Christmas before it’s gone 
Meet Ed the ED Elf.. he has been sent by Santa to bring Christmas cheer all through December 
Looking forward to all the nonprofit digital advent calendars kicking off tomorrow. If you spot one or are doing one, let me know! 
Limited number of Tix available Friday @ Noon. All proceeds from the door go to 
What’s super-cute, spins and makes the perfect stocking stuffer?
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Wouldn't it be fantastic to dodge traffic jams and long queues at malls and department stores? 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas...
We're gonna have ALL of the festive treats, gifts and food at 
Have you been down to the Christmas Market yet? Bath is as busy as ever and Christmas is in the air! 
 arrivedFestive atmosphere in a full swing here at 
Huge thanks to Combe Garden Centre. What better way to support our 
Coming to today’s game? Check out our Mini Locker Room Sale behind section 107 & get the 
 It's the 1st of December! 
 Do 3 things this week to help or inspire a stranger
Want a sneak preview of some of our Christmas crafts? Head over to Snapchat to see our latest story - nclunilibrary 
Don't forget tomorrow's 
Ho ho ho. Now I have a machine gun 
Looking for a pawesome present for your dog this xmas? Explore 100's of stalls at 
Interested in finding out more about our Christmas Tree Ladder and how to check it out at The Festival of Trees? Mina and Karen will be telling you Live! Tune in to 
Lots of interest in this years tall Christmas tree which has sprung up in 
If you want to give more than a card this Christmas you can support us with 
 In a choir? Looking for 
There's only a month to go now, so it's official - Christmas is nearly here! 
Christmas Sunday lunch 17 Dec 
Happy 1st of December one and all! 
HERE IT IS!! ...THE PP 
When a bookworm puts up a Christmas tree...
Y’all, Richland Fashion Mall sure has upped their food court game for the holidays. Full bar — can I get a ho, ho, ho? // Opening weekend for A Christmas Miracle at Richland Fashion Mall at 
We had a great afternoon decorating the Christmas tree at 
Feeling festive yet? 
We spent tonight working on a cover of The Pogues Fairytale of New York just in time for Christmas 
Have you entered our 12 Days of Christmas 
Coundtdown in on. Please could you give our leaflet a share want it to be an even bigger success than the last 2 we have held. Would very much appreciate it
| ...It's Christmas!Fancy winning some fantastic gifts?Check out our 
We've got some presents sitting under the Egmont Christmas tree 
HAPPY DECEMBER EVERYONE!! I HOPE YOU ARE FILLED WITH THE HOLIDAY SPIRIT!! 
Visit us from Friday 1st December when we will be unveiling our traditional Tudor Christmas decorations 
Tis the season to be jolly, drink the bolly, kiss under the mistletoe … Oh 
Christmas tree done! 
I love my new succulents from 
Starting to think about Christmas shopping?  Thinking 
We're getting into the Christmas spirit at The Lyra! 
A limited number of Christmas Castle Tours with Santa still available. Tours are packed with fun-filled activities including 
"It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas..." 
 Bring home your very own tree from the first annual Holiday Tree Market at 
 Video coming Friday. Song available TOMORROW in The Christmasaurus: The Musical Edition. 
Feeling so festive today - get your gift shopping off to a good start with our extremely stocking-worthy skincare 
Keep the holiday cakes comin' 
Feeling festive at the Sloane Square light switch on 
Just released a special bundle 
Ooooh yes!!! First
Students and staff gathered for the annual Christmas tree lighting!
 Hi Charles absolutely love the music it's awesome and good luck with it for children in need . It should brighten up anyone's day, well done to all of you, Charles, Charlie, Phillip and James. Merry Christmas to you all 
Tomorrow is Advent! To celebrate  we have Christmas carol singers from 12-2 and will be handing out samples of Young's 'Winter Warmer'! 
Riders please allow plenty of time to reach your classes tonight! Oxford st lights being switched on 
Join us this Sat for our Feast of Christmas Music! Celebrate the run-up to Christmas in traditional style this year with uplifting performances and popular Christmas favourites and sparkling audience carols. 
The snow may not be thick on the ground but this concert is a stocking stuffed with tunes 
The Christmas tree lights are on, and making Founder’s Square look fabulous!
IT'S TODAY! 
Ringing in the holiday season with the cutest Christmas products from 
We are looking forward to the start of the festive season here in 
Great to see our station buzzing with a lot of festive visitors, our 
We've rounded up 15+ easy kids Christmas crafts to get you in the festive spirit.
Yea I can sing the tunes  now it's Christmas 
The Freedom Cafe are hosting a Christmas Party soon for all their customers! If you can help with any of the items below & spread some Christmas love and happiness to those in need, please pm us , we are so grateful to all who help and support us
We have lots of lovely gifts and stocking fillers for sale - call in and see us today 
Help support the children of Corazon de Vida Foundation this Holiday season 
Prepping for the Wreath workshop this morning 
Thanks for coming Leonie! 
My Christmas album drops 1st Dec 
Move over mulled wine! Check out the new 
Did you know???..that having a vehicle parked up which isn’t “SORN” & has no Insurance can leave you 
 to hold Christmas Special Live Concert “
 - Our annual Christmas tree sale will take place on Saturday 16 December from 9.30am – 3pmRead - 
25 days til Christmas 
Christmas is coming, but it isn't all presents! Put down the Argos catalogue and pick up our Christmas e-brochure 
 Spreading the Crouch End Christmas Spirit 
Too soon? Nah. Bring it on. 
Join our the first ever digital caroling experience with 
Tomorrow for the Hertford Christmas Gala the 
Our Open House Advent  Calendars are now just £5! Plus we have all the gorgeous Christmas papers & embellishments for you to decorate them with 
We are so excited about our upcoming Christmas concert on Dec 3 with 
Cute new studs perfect for Xmas
Join us for some festive Family fun this Christmas – open every day except Christmas day! Get your tickets online by clicking below… 
#6 I am saving Christmas for you 
Starting the holiday season right by making cards to send to our troops 
 22 DAYS TO GO 
If you're struggling for Christmas gift ideas this year, or looking for something that little bit different, then take a look at what we have on offer! 
It’s the last day of November. What better way to toast the start of advent than baking this yummy Christmas Crumble Slice? Filled with festive cheer!
Our Brighton Gin Rock is now available to buy online! Great stocking fillers! 
 This looks brilliant! 
Spread a little “merry” this weekend! 
Don't forget you can buy a Christmas wreath created by our Floristry students at tomorrow's Course Advice day 
It's officially time for hot cocoa, fuzzy socks, baking cookies, and random acts of kindness, of course! 
PTA Christmas Raffle Tickets coming home soon. If you would like to donate a prize to the raffle, please get in touch or just drop off at reception! All funds go to the PTA and benefit our students in school. 
 The Bhoys are ready for Christmas.
Botanically fabulous wreaths in progress any moment here with a group of very excited visitors ! Mulled wine to follow 
The giant Christmas tree 
Happy 1st of December Twitter. Tis the season to celebrate, laugh, cry and to remember the ones we have lost 
 Christmas parties never looked so fresh! Book a booth in our Club Lounge for any of our remaining events this year or hire the entire space: 
Incase you havnt heard it here's the official audio for "Merry Christmas Baby" offa me new album! 
The girls are on their way to sing some Christmas carols at the Quarter Lounge tonight! 
Treat your pup this Christmas with our delicious hand baked goodies 
Looking for the perfect gift for a fellow beauty lover? 
It’s that time of the year again...
We're in full swing for the holidays! "Christmas 1967" is now on display in our Great Hall. 
Coming up on Sunday we have a very festive Santa Special Off Road Duathlon.Taking place in Hartlepool Summerhill Country Park on Sunday 2 December.Wear something related to Christmas. 
It's Christmas social time! We can't wait!  
As well as the Market, there's plenty to enjoy in Bath this Christmas 
The most Christmassy of Christmas tales, book your tickets today for A Christmas Carol 
Have you got your tickets for our Christmas fundraising dinner yet? Food by the incredible 
It’s the 1st of December and you know what that means? It’s the start of our Advent Calendar, keep your eyes peeled every day at 12pm up until the 25th for discounts and treats!It officially the start of Christmasssss 
It’s time to make plans for Friday & Saturday and visit the historic lights switch on, Town sq opening and Market in Mill Hill NW7. Enjoy the music, food and drinks plus choirs & bands
The tree isn’t the only thing getting lit this year – Don’t miss COTA as it lights up with Christmas cheer this holiday season tonight 
Discover what you’ve always wanted with our 
Great to be part of the Tax Practitioner Stewardship Group in action today. These practitioners make a huge contribution to the community- well done and thanks for all of your valuable support during 2017 
46 days to Christmas, but who's counting! Have you planned all of your Christmas events? 
Looking to plan the Christmas do? Organisers get a treat on us! 
Make sure you get your Bauble to help someone this Christmas, I’ve got mine. Please donate£5 to amazing 
Poll time: Best Christmas song - go! 
Looking for some unique Christmas gifts? There will be a craft fair in the Union-Link this Thursday 30 November 10.30am-3pm everyone welcome
Have yourself a merry little Christmas... 
 is beginning to look oh-so festive...
The Christmas decorations are going up in our Shepton Mallet office, just in time for December!! 
The Christmas playlist will be on all day at AHQ 
 Make this Christmas one to remember, with a visit to the brand new ice skating rink in the grounds of 
Good morning, December! Can we do the Christmas thing now without people telling us off?! 
Lots of fun for gramer and Holly with 
Time to get in the holiday spirit thanks to 
10 ways to win at Christmas 
The nature inspired gift shop is a treasure trove of gift ideas for all the family. It's free to enter and open every day from 10am 
Delighted to be in Birmingham - ready to get festive! 
Hands up, who's putting up their 
Ladies!! Please DM me if you'd like to get involved with this... 
Looks awesome, thanks! X 
THE STYLE EDIT: GIFT GUIDE
Make this a family affair, adults and children come along and join in the annual Moston Christmas festivities! The Moston Lane Christmas Light Switch on along with Christmas Craft Markets and we think even Santa Claus maybe dropping byJoin in the community Christmas spirit 
Add some Ermana sparkle to your skincare regime this Christmas 
Just one week left to go until our first ever winter lantern parade: Let it Glow! Who's going to be there? 
Just some of the things you can see on the 12 days of Christmas walk 
Don’t forget to book your tickets to watch us perform in the Waterfront on Sat 16th Dec at 2.30pm as part of Peter Corry’s The Music Box with special guest 
Merry Christmas & Happy New Year from LGC! 
Delighted to announce that the Christmas Fair is returning this year with a range of local high quality crafters... 
Loving our weekly library days 
“Celebrate Christmas like nobody else”
For the 70th year in a row, a Christmas tree makes its way from Oslo to Trafalgar Square to become the 
Today is the day: it's 1 December, which means our beautiful 
CALLING ALL CRAP WRAPPERS...
A wonderful afternoon watching Sinfonia play the Nutcracker ft 
It's never too early to listen to Christmas music. Especially when it's 
We can’t wait for our Christmas Panto 
Head in-store this weekend and pick up a Nintendo Switch with your choice of Rayman Legends, Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battles, or Monopoly Switch.Spread the cost of Christmas and get all this for just £30 per month with GAME Finance! 
What can be more festive than a cup of Pact's Christmas blend?  Get in the festive spirit and get your hands on a bag, available now on the Pact shop! 
Feeling festive? Join singers, schoolchildren and Mayor Mo Marsh 
Please get involved in this amazing appeal at the 
 Our Christmas cards have been in high demand in recent weeks, but what is your favourite design?Vote in our poll in our next tweet and then head to the website below to purchase today!
With 4 days to go we’re counting down to our FREE festive family event at 
Fresh out of the kitchen, our puff pastry mince pies are a sure-fire festive winner 
Who doesn't want freshly roasted coffee in their stocking on 
Stockton Sparkles 2017 has officially started. 
 it's time to start getting organised and festive 
FIND OUT WHAT YOU GOT ON DAY 1 OF OUR CHRISTMAS 
Decorating our office for this Saturday! Come on out to the open house at the Legislature this Saturday, December 2nd between 1-3pm! 
December the 1st, Christmas has started and there is only one thing I’m driving to work listening to! Take it away Micky lad 
Join us for Festive Afternoon Tea 
The Christmas countdown has begun! Thank you to 
It's that time of the year again 
Wanting to get into the holiday spirit? 
 Singers! Are you looking for 
We have plenty more festive events coming up to celebrate 
Elf shannigans.... 
He's back! So we're officially allowed to mention the C word. Book now for our Christmas Pub Quiz!  
It's true. 
Our Christmas Tree has arrived at Margaret Thatcher House, Romford - looking forward to the annual "Carols Round The Christmas Tree" with the Royal British Legion Band & Corps of Drums later this month! 
Our team marketing Xmas do this aft and it’s SNOWING. Perfect!Forcing festiveness on the team. It’s not too early 
It's that time! The holiday tree arrives at 
MERCHANDISE ON SALE NOW FOR CHRISTMAS!!!!! 
 creations are looking/smelling sooo good in Piff Paff kitchen right now! Can't wait to share with you all 
Grafton Street and Dublin City is ready for Christmas 
Christmas Fayre! TODAY!! After school 
Thank you it was awesome kids loved it and everyone.. Happy Holidays
Lovely concert with these fabulous chaps 
Raise money for Brighton Fringe this 
Burtree's Traditional Xmas Pudd & Brandy ButterAward-winning traditional Christmas pudding made with brandy & brown ale and flaked almonds & cherries. Served with luxurious brandy butter and double cream. It doesn't get much better than this! 
What a ‘sweet’ place to hide 
It’s DECEMBER!!! My fav month 
Tomorrow we'll be launching a very special Egmont Christmas competition 
Come say hello at our pop-up stall at the Belfast Christmas Market! 
It’s finally December! 
Celebrate the Holidays at Banff Centre with 5 amazing shows for the whole family! The season of magic starts November 25th 
CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY DAY 2
it’s the most wonderful time of the year 
Brilliant night spent with amazing people @ Milford's Xmas party
Want to learn how to make bagel & butter pudding? Come and find out from 
It's nearly Panto time "oh no it isn't" "oh yes it is" for a chance to WIN a Family ticket to take the kids to see Peter Pan at the 
We would love to see you at our 
Aww, they've grown so much in a year! 
Me every time a Christmas song comes on......
Party season kicking off this evening We will have ‘Collage’ starting 
Looking for some holiday gift ideas? 
It’s beginning to look a lot like the holiday season around here. 
Christmas Celebration tickets are on sale now! 
i know i'm early but i couldn't help but decorate for my favorite holiday 
Up to 100,000 people attend the APS Electric Light Parade
Doing a bit of Christmas shopping this weekend? How much are you planning to spend? Maybe a bit more if you live in Wales! 
Erin & Kayla are getting into the holiday spirit. This is one 
Are you party ready? Win a 
Western PTA are selling Christmas trees in the playground on Saturday morning, always great quality & for a good cause of course 
Ready to start your Christmas shopping? Check out our handy guide to the festive opening hours in town 
From December 1st you will be able to buy your Christmas Trees from us at our HQ in Cork.
Thanks Miss McStravock and our P3 class for a beautiful Advent Assembly. We are getting ready for the baby Jesus. 
I spoke to Rudolph and it's his fave Christmas treat. Mine is Bread Sauce. We're all different I guess. X 
Festive Dec 1 update - do not get distracted checking 
Christmas party with the Isabella Association 
 TICKETS NOW ON SALE! 
The sight of the two partridges between the vines always reminds me of Christmas 
Bloggers! Link up your Advent and Christmas-themed posts to our 
So much festive fun at our Christmas
Personalised gift vouchers available to purchase on our website 
It wouldn't be December if we didn't do our annual 
DON,T GET YOUR TINSEL IN A TANGLE
Anyone looking for  some inspiration for what to get  for Christmas? 
Out today, your 64-page special issue of The Dish, packed full of everything you need for your Christmas feast! 
It was a great night enjoyed by all.. Icing on the cake was walking away with an award 
 NSDG event 6 Dec, Invercarse Hotel, Dundee 7pm, Christmas 
Waiting to stage at our annual friendship Christmas concert at St Marys Rc Bridgend. Thanks to all involved including 
Our term has ended with a wonderful  concert from the 
On the weekend of the 9th & 10th 
Adding stuff to your online basket like
Great atmosphere and turnout for the switching on of Annan Christmas 
Made it to my car with a minute to spare. 
We went down to the German Christmas Market with Reema 
Some important times for your perusal! 
 It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas...
WIN our little 'Brum' children's quality replica car. 100% funds raised goes directly towards our service. Raffle tickets £2 each or £5 a strip. Currently retailing at £189.95 (Dobbies) winner notified by telephone, drawn Mon 18th Dec - item to be collected by Wed 20th Dec 
WATCH: Hook (
What a fab festive Christmas night!! I’ll be hanging up my heels for a while now (ouch!!) lovely to see so many gorgeous BYM ladies last night!! Huge thanks to 
On the first day of Christmas The Time Ladies give to you... Day one of our advent calendar! We’ll be bringing you a favourite time lady moment of ours every day until Christmas! 
A preview of our float tonight! Can’t wait to see everyone at 
Be quick, the Terry’s Chocolate Orange McFlurry won’t hang around for long! 
I don't think I have enough alcohol in the house for this game 
Start your Monday on a festive note with these Personalised Jumper Christmas Tree Decorations! Perfect for every … 
33 days until Christmas!
It's that time of the year, 
BLACK FRIDAY SALE! Use the coupon code julevera for 20% off! Make sure you or a loved one looks fresh this holiday season! 
Big thank you to Michael Fleming of Woodstock Evergreen for the gift of 2 beautiful Holiday Trees! Michael has been donating trees to the 
Very festive at the unique women in business event today 
Choir parents, don't forget FYC Christmas cards, on sale every Weds rehearsal £1 each 
Such a fun day!! Making people happy one flight at a time. 
Merry Christmas to everyone we've had the pleasure of meeting & working with this past year. We hope you enjoy this special time 
Getting festive at art club this week. UHS pupils created their own Christmas decorations out of clay. Amazing outcomes. 
[checks calendar]
Great idea a gentle reminder  - kindness small gift that goes a long way 
Last chance to order your tickets for the 
The song “It’s Time For Christmas”, is now available to download on all digital outlets, including ITunes & Spotify. Check out the official music video here 
Our Alternative Guide: Advent Calendars for all the Family ~ 
Just had a lil’ seasonal spruce-up. How do I look? 
There's still time to book your office 
What a wonderful way to get into the spirit of giving! Way to go 
Get in touch if you would like a stall 
Good morning everyone! 
Don't you hate it when people put up their Christmas tree early? 
5 days to go ladies! Just 10 tickets left for our Festive Mama’s Morning 
Our Cyber Monday sale starts NOW! 30% off site wide! And don’t forget, Naughty and Nice Palettes and the Wet Set restock tomorrow at 9am pst! 
Tomorrow we get to open the first door in our ECSCRIstmas Advent Calendar – each day will reveal something new about the European Cancer Stem Cell Research Institute at Cardiff University! 
Fill In The Blank: My favorite Holiday emoji is ___.See 
Accrington’s Christmas Countdown officially begins with the Fireworks Show - Merry Christmas everyone!
 'Tis the season to be jolly - and very busy. So if you are heading to the 
A lot of love and hard work goes into growing the perfect Christmas tree. Follow the journey from seedling to festive centrepiece
Never to early to be thinking about the festive period 
The crowd has started to arrive....Amazing atmosphere here on Patrick’s street 
We’ve got a great viewpoint 
We’ve extended our opening hours for the 
Confused by the different types of real Christmas trees? Try our quick quiz to find your perfect match! 
 begins tomorrow Sun 19th Nov 2-6pm!! With 
The Farmer’s Markets will be open 23rd December usual hours, and on Christmas Eve they will be open till 1pm so you can get any last minute ingredients to make the perfect festive feast, like these little roasties 
Christmas fairy buns at our gorgeous Loaf Cafe in Grosvenor Rd are looking amazing! Call in and treat yourself! 
Merry Christmas you filthy animals! 
Get into the Christmas spirit with us! We'll be 
Albemarle Chorale presents their Christmas Concert. Get your Christmas spirit going with this great show! 
Our Retro quiz hosts Leanne and Dave are turning on Liverpool one Christmas lights 
Year 3 are busy decorating their salt dough decorations ready for Friday. Come and visit us to buy a fabulous unique decoration 
Come and get in the Christmas spirit at the Festive Market on Founder's Square! Expect reindeers, food stalls, live entertainment and the Christmas tree switch-on at 5:30pm. 
HAPPY DECEMBER 1ST STAR TWEETERS! ONLY 24  DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS! 
The fairy tale fair is back! 10th December don't miss it 
It's been a busy first day at the St Nicholas Fair filled with festivities in our city centre! 
Sampling our Tryptophantastic Stout plus a TON of other delicious winter beers! 
Get your holiday poinsettia - red, white, pink, marble, & red glitter! Only $20 and the proceeds benefit LRD. Call us today to order!
Looks great Kevin! Let’s hope we can 
Don't just take our word for it, see what audiences think of 
"Every year after you die you get to be revisited" 
OH DEER, CHRISTMAS IS NEAR! 
We're looking for fantastic Christmas temps for FOH. Send your CV to jamesmartin@manchester235.com 
Have had an amazing 24hrs in Liverpool including opening the Christmas Grotto at 
 is nearly here! Only one more sleep! 
This is going to be so much fun (cold, but fun!) – bring blankets, sleeping bags, snuggle up together and just feel really Christmassy 
It’s time to get merry with 
ONLY 6 DAYS TO GO 
!!!TODAY + TOMORROW!!!
Oh Christmas tree, oh Christmas tree 
Watch Santa’s helpers bring the 
Just a quick few photos from the wonderful Switching 
Get in the festive mood with our new special.... 
Pleasure! Thanks for joining us 
Santa's elves have decked the halls and we're ready for the holiday season. What do you think? 
Edible tree decorations that might not last til the big day 
"Tis the season... " Bonn's Christmas market extends over the entire inner city. Enjoy shopping decorative and practical handicrafts, Christmas decorations, culinary delights and make sure to try Germany's famous "Glühwein". Enjoy Winter Season in Bonn! 
New video: CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS HAUL including a neon sign, a gorgeous snow globe and even more gorgeous pieces!  
Looking a picture! Our 
last Carol Concert as a student at 
Christmas lights switch on celebrations. Today from 4pm at Victoria Square....see you all there! 
Only one week to go until Bullfinch's 12 Days of Xmas begins...
Gingerbread macaroons today with Level 3 Apprentice Vicky, great work 
 And behind door number 3 there is...
We're officially counting down the days until Christmas with our 
It's December tomorrow! Do you have your decorations up? We certainly do. Here's 
The excitement of December 1st is too much in 
Here's our xmas menu - call or email to book 
TONIGHT! Light up the holiday season with us. Don’t miss the 
There's nothing like a Mickey and Minnie gingerbread crispy treat from 
Snow is falling, Entrepreneurs all around me, having fun - HAPPY STARTUP EVERYONE!
Festive cheer, some fantastic jumpers on show today 
50 DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS! 
 is coming... Monday. 
Open from 11am Sunday 18th dec
It’s never too early for a little Christmas spirit!  Merry Christmas!
We are excited for our big Christmas tree lights switch on 
Make room for yourself this Christmas!! 
Sly Collections is one of many wonderful stall holders featuring at the @wellbeingof 
HAIRY BIKER, DAVE MYERS, TO SWITCH ON THE REIGATE CHRISTMAS LIGHTS! 
Hey, and now they’re 30% off until Monday.  
Get an autographed booklet with purchase of my new "All I Want For Christmas Is You" soundtrack while supplies last at 
 BLACKPOOL FUTSAL FESTIVAL U7s - U12s
Thanks so much to Clare @smythstoysloughton for making my Christmas shopping SO easy today 
It's beginning to look like Christmas x x 
We're excited to see the final result! 
 6 days to Dec... and our countdown of the big festive highlights in 
Celebrate the Christmas and New Year period here at St. Andrew’s! 
20 minutes 'til you get to go 
HOLIDAY RAFFLE!!
*Plays Mariah’s Christmas hits* Off out dancing tonight? Perhaps some shopping (of the Christmas variety) tomorrow? Here’s what you need to know. 
 will be here before you know it; come and get your 
Pick your perfect Christmas Tree with 
Now that it's December, it's time to plan your trip to either of our Christmas concerts!
Got your tickets to our carol service yet? Head on over to 
'Tis the most wonderful time of the year! London's finest Christmas windows and festive façades: 
New Post! > Get into the holiday spirit with this festive Ginger Pomegranate Paloma! 
Today was a good day - Christmas menu tasting for the Dog & Fox staff! Lots of full and satisfied bellies! 
New Tees INNN! white x all size avail
Our Christmas beer Gift o' Gold - 4.5% golden ale infused with orange, vanilla and Xmas spices has gone into cask this week. Taking preorders now: 07969950755 
Wishing all pupils, parents, staff, governors and 
Better than any shopping mall: find your holiday gifts between now and 3:30 p.m. at the Gambier Craft Sale! 
That's fabulous! Well done to Jo and the amazing 
Last Week I was kindly invited to enjoy a Pre-Christmas Treat at 
 planning is a serious business! 
Why buy your Auntie Linda a soap set from the chemist? Look thoughtful this Christmas and treat her to 
Delicious! yes please.  yum! yum!
Get your Christmas cards from us and help us keep saving lives!
Stunning Christmas lights adorn the entrance to Milsom Place - Bath comes into its own as we start December - there's festive surprises around every corner 
Hello December from @freshlybrewedcountry 
Congratulations to Caroline Rooke & Pat Healy who have been randomly selected as the winner of our 
TOMORROW!! Prestwick Christmas light switch on, see you soon
We love the use of our Festive Baubles at 
We've joined forces with 
When you’re doing some long-overdue work on yourself but you also decide you deserve a treat.(This is 
Make it a December to remember. Book your winter escape or your flights home for Christmas with 
When December hits and the season of goodwill begins... 
We are full of busy at Tynemouth Food Festival HQ. Lots to do before the big day, excitement is in the air! 
Dear Lord Christmas is saved! 
Tomorrow we install our Christmas tree and decorations! Stay tuned for festive pictures 
This holiday season, donate a toy to a child in need! Visit our Wish Trees on the 1st (Info Desk) and 3rd Floors (ASUN office) for more information. 
VERY CUTE - Racing's very own version of the John Lewis advert from 
The tree lighting ceremony 
REALITY REHAB  COUNTDOWN TO CHRISTMAS 
What a great shot! 
Thank you to all who attended today's 'Blue Light Christmas Fair' at 
 “The first day of devolution, my Mayor said to me...” The 12 Nays of Devolution from the Women’s Leadership Group Happy Christmas LCR! 
Gonna get these Christmas lights up before 
Fill up your loved ones ereader or wrap up a paperback this Christmas. Our books make the perfect stocking filler for book lovers. 
Absolutely LOVE this tree x
We are watching the stall holders setting up now. Looks like it's going to be a fun evening at 
Have you got your tickets yet? Book now at 
From fantastic Indie Christmas compilation from 
Advent calendars at the ready - it's December! 
Our open house will have ways to give back with a House of Friendship Giving Tree! 
Festive Afternoon Tea begins this week! 
Do you have a creative flare? Do you think you could build a Christmas Tree to represent your company/business? With less than 2 weeks to register don't miss out! It's only £20 to enter and all proceeds will be donated to 
The magic happens tonight from 6-10pm in 
Come down to Stirling High today 10-2 to get our stress relief products 
Roughly a month from now, you’ll see the Boogie Monsters again! This fun musical event has been a HUGE HIT at 
 was amazing!! I’m in such a Christmassy mood now
! We’re hosting our 1st Annual Ugly Christmas Sweater Party ft. The Mighty Fergusons paying tribute to Tom Petty on THU, DEC 14! FREE show, great prizes, and TROPHY for the winner! 
Merry Christmas, you filthy animals!! 
Check out our Country Thunder Christmas playlist for some songs to get you in the holiday spirit!
Team training, it's the first day of our 
Discover festive finds and designer dresses (other clothes too) at our Christmas shopping event next thurs 23rd from 7.30pm see you there 
One of our many volunteers helping us get ready for tomorrow's Christmas collection 
I haven’t been to a panto for as long as I can remember but 
Tinsel the elf has arrived in Y1A, I hope he doesn't get up to too much mischief! 
I can dress the whole family in cheesy jumpers!
Happy 1st of December, it's time to put the Christmas tree up! Leave a 
A little while ago I recorded ‘White Christmas’ in 
Superb evening of football, huge thanks to all who made it despite the traffic. Enjoy the festive break, we will see you all in 2018 
YULE love our festive cocktails, perfect for getting your 
Foundation Learning students raising money for homeless charity 
Lovely festive smell of pine here at RED MILLS with top quality Christmas trees now available and €2 from the sale of each tree going to local charity Protecting Pound Dogs 
Who likes Giveaways? Follow us on all forms of social media! 
Christmas is almost here, but don't worry! We've got you and the Baggies in your life covered for gifts! 
 Local businesses share in the Christmas spirit around Derry~Londonderry and Strabane with the exciting 12 days of Christmas campaign! 
It's time to spread the cheer heading into the new year, so we're officially announcing our 'Happy Holidays Giveaway'! 
The most glamorous ladies from our 2017 bake off collection! Tag a 
It's almost Thanksgiving... Which means we're officially allowed to get in the Christmas spirit!! 
Saying I love Winter Candy Apple scents is an understatement! 
What time is it? Voting time! Go vote for An Old Time Christmas as the Best Theme Park Holiday Event now! 
Whenever I see a stream with Christmas decorations I just hear in my head... ITS BEGINNING TO LOOK A LOT LIKE CHRISTMASSSS 
Can you believe that it's almost 
 postie Sam Weight will ditch her delivery bag Thursday night to switch on the town's 
A new version of an advent calendar 
Round your purchase to the nearest dollar until Dec 31 to support 
It's just not Xmas until you hear it... 
Christmas art work for display at Bentley library 
Christmas tree question. Please fill in as honestly and correctly as you can. Thank you 
It's looking very festive at 
Surprise! So excited to give you the very first look at the new 
Day 1/24 Time to get ready for Christmas!
Rounding up the day with some wintery craft 
Try our easy Baileys cheesecake truffles, they make a really thoughtful gift 
Our customers rave about Cinque Ports' Yorkshire puddings! Please call to reserve your Sunday lunch on 01843 269431
Year 1 were so excited to see the Christmas tree being erected 
Is this car yours?? Come say hello and receive your festive 6 Penalty points and £200 fine 
Shooting Christmassy posts today and having the time of my life
Head to Videopolis for "Mickey's Christmas Big Band", a festive new show brimming with sleigh-loads of Christmas classics! 
Christmas jumper looking a bit old? 
Want to Win £500 b4 Xmas 
Is it too early to mention CHRISTMAS?! 
 Carols by Candlelight at The Two Brewers raising funds for 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas
Here is a reminder of the Christmas Fair class timetable. The fair is Tuesday 5th December 1pm-4pm. Looking forward to seeing you there! 
It will be a Victorian Christmas this Saturday at the Windsor Guildhall!! From 10:30-6:30 join us for festivities! 
And y’all thought Mariah was bad last year?! This is EPIC! Very me. 
It's finally December! The greatest time of the year! Ella is so excited! Are you?! 
It's looking a little festive in 
Just had our first Christmas card in the post. 
Great post about Kansas City's holiday traditions. Well worth reading! 
Thanks once again to Coby and all his family and friends for another huge donation of toys for our patients this Christmas 
What a way to start out Christmas supper club 
The excitement is building for tomorrow’s staff Children’s Christmas Party! The kids are going to have a blast! 
Wondering how many baubles & lights you need for your 
 12 days of Christmas will never be the same again! 
Don't miss our award-winning parade this Friday featuring lighted floats, marching bands, giant balloons and of course Santa Claus! 
With so many thanks to (deep breath): 
Let the festive countdown begin! This year ‘Make it a Centrestage Christmas’ 
And it begins.... Merry Christmas from Jolly Jersey! 
A look behind the scenes at the crew setting up the 
The day the SoPo/Cape Rotary trailer appears in Mill Creek is one of my fav days of the year 
 Christmas break:The main training groups will be off for Xmas for weeks commencing 18th Dec & 25th Dec inclusive. This falls in line approximately with schools. IMPORTANT- seniors, performance athletes & Hants XC athletes should contact their coaches to confirm plans
Merry Christmas and a very happy New Year to all. 2016 has been a successful year for film in Birmingham, here's to an awesome 2017 
OMG IT'S FINALLY DECEMBER!!!!!!!!!!! 
Some of our lovely Christmas pieces!!
Who’s coming to the Matlock Victorian Markets today? Princess Aurora will be there to switch the Christmas lights on!
Christmas Preparations, Mulled Wine Brunches & Inappropriate Xmas Cards! 
Why yes, we'll take the Fraser Fir 
Custom Home Kit Case - toddcantwell .Use Code: ‘XMAS’ for 20% off 
Yay! One of my fave people 
Treat your Christmas tree to some pretty fancy crochet decs 
A light workload."Seasonal Employment" by David Olenick 
P6's have been busy making Eco-friendly tree decorations by recycling old jigsaws. They will be on sale on Monday during our tree-lighting event. 
Craft Club made their first Christmas craft this afternoon with Mrs Davidson & Miss Bruce. How cute are their little reindeer?! 
Who’s getting decorations up today?! 
Take a look at our new selection of Doncaster Christmas Cards - send seasons greetings from Doncaster 
Online store is open for 3 more days, shop now for 
It's Day 1 of the 
Great day at the Westmorland Shopping Centre today doing Xmas light Crafts 
We have beer advent calendars available in store either pre-made or bespoke! Stocks are limited so act fast! 
Tonight we light up the trees! 
That was perfect. I’m officially in the Christmas spirit!! 
and we're selling merch - perfect for Christmas presents! 
The trees are here! Sales start at 12PM today - join us beside the ticket tent at 
Always a wonderful evening watching the 
Beginning to look very festive here at the Custard Factory 
The top 10 Christmas
Today.. Alternative Xmas market 
 + Christmas Music = my biggest dream come true. I could actually cry
It’s time to think about sending those Christmas cards so keep an eye out this week. We have many charity cards 
First Saturday in December can mean only one thing... it's time to decorate the tree! 
 Join us in Library Square at 4pm tomorrow for the annual switch on of the Christmas tree lights! 
I feel it is now acceptable to post a Christmas recipe with a month to go! This Mincemeat Crumble Slice is made with 
Happy 1st December!! To celebrate we thought we'd share this with you!
Having difficulty finding your perfect Christmas jumper? Take a look at our top picks - there’s something for everyone 
 Festive Feasting, Greek Gifting 
All your Sabb Team want for xmas is more flat floor & storage space for York Students, societies and sports teams! Make sure to sign their Xmas card in Your Space before its delivered to Heslington Hall! Lets make sure we put it firmly on the Universities agenda this xmas! 
***Banner’s Christmas Menu*** with a Christmassy table and in true Banner’s stylee we’d love to host your festive get togethers. Whether friends, family or work colleagues 
Richmond Artisan Market is open today until 5pm and we are full of the Christmas spirit - come and say hello 
I'm putting up my homes Christmas decorations tomorrow~!!♪ 
Get ready, friends. You aren't going to want to miss any of this! 
Yesterday we placed our Holiday Package on sale which features 5 Dugout Box Ticket Vouchers, Water Bottle and Shuckers hat! We will even take of the gift-wrapping for you!
It's what you've all been waiting for! THE 
Thanks to everyone who came along to today's 
The Downtown St. John's Christmas Parade Is A Go! 
This could be the "Maddest" Mad Saturday ever! Could this be the best way to celebrate the last Saturday before Christmas?IT'S CHRIIIIIIIIISTMAS 
 | It's day 
Just four more shows in Llandudno before we visit our final 2017 venue (and the home of our producers 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas!  
Not sure what to get the person who has everything? We are here to help... let them pick the perfect present with a Bridges gift card!
The smells from scream_for_pizza are your incredible! Choices, choices, choices 
Hope you all enjoyed the teaser of our Christmas show during the 
Don’t miss Holidays with 
Seven swans a swimming! (ok 8) 
Thank you for your amazing support! It really makes a difference 
Is it too early for Christmas music? 
Don’t forget to bring a toy to the 
THE FIRST VIDEO OF 
Skipwith Christmas - thank you Miss Morgan 
 TIS THE SEASON YA'LL 
 My poorly girl felt a whole lot better after getting her letter from you 
Charlottetown, you've got until midnight tonight to order handpies for delivery! Your holiday guests will thank you. 
Save the date: The Brit + Co Holiday House opens December 1st in San Francisco! 
Now this is our kind of advent calendar! 
GET PREPPED | you never know when you’ll need an extra seat/bed for an unexpected guest. Visit 
Looking for inspiration about what to do in the build up to Christmas 
With Christmas approaching, 
December 1st.... is your tree up yet?? 
CURRENTLY HALF OFF AT MICHAELS!!!! 
Call our sales team to book a place at our exclusive 
Christmas cover coming soon...
Who's not getting coal this year??  
Happy 1 December!
 Dance Grooves is so SUPER thrilled to be supporting SW Mummy at their annual Christmas Family Fun Day - TODAY... 
WHO IS UP ? RT 
Somewhere, some place in the world, michael bublé is defrosting as we speak, ready to smash it this christmas like he does every year 
Haverhill Christmas late night shopping night 
Super excited to see our favourite football team 
Reasons to Sing at Sage Gateshead! Not only is it fun & rewarding but it’ll make you feel good, it has a multitude of health benefits & it’s a great way to meet new people. Makes a great Christmas present too! 
A good real Christmas tree “looks fake,” while a good fake one “looks real.” We usually trim ours to The Phil Spector Christmas Album. Tonight, we do it to the joyous sounds of plea deals on 
Upper Mills in Slawit is opening its doors 10am-5pm tomorrow for a festive shopping experience like no other. Meet the makers behind local craft, clothes & fabrics, buy gifts, enjoy the brass band, sup on mulled wine and munch some delicious pastries:
We’re excited to be holding wreath making workshops today 
“We’re saying MERRY CHRISTMAS again!”
The perfect little stocking filler! 
Many thanks to everyone who supported the 
NEW -FESTIVE CHEESE TRAY 
Happy Saturday! Get started on your Christmas list early! The Christmas paper is out, free gift wrapping all around! 
Now that the buzz of our Remembrance Market is retreating, thoughts turn to Christmas.  Our Christmas Market is 9th December, normal time from 9-2, with Fr Christmas and his sleigh, local choirs, oh yes and lovely producers too.
The Christmas party transformation is underway! The season is upon us.
Booking your christmas party? 
Ruislip! Have a Brett & Bailey Christmas this year. Find our luxury, handmade Christmas cakes and puddings at Sunday’s 
DC folks: Buy your Christmas tree 
Happy national (Christmas) brownie day!!! 
One of our mums has organised a lovely 
*link in bio* SKRINEWAY presents another unforgetable EXPIERENCE that you dont want to miss Monday Decemeber 18th at The Hotel on Rivington. Join us for this years White and Gold Christmas Celebration! Follow 
Season 13 Starts Dropping Over The Christmas Half Term 
Featuring, of course, our 
Starting off 12 Days of Christmas 
MAKE UP REVOLUTION '12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS' UNBOXING!!! 
Celebrate the beginning of a magical festive season with us by joining us on Monday 27th November for the annual lighting of our magnificent Christmas tree. 
Our first Christmas market of the year at the stunning Cheltenham Ladies College 
If you’re heading into Edinburgh today (& it’s looking pretty spectacular 
We're glad to hear it! Choosing a book is an adventure in itself, after all. 
A Christmas wonderland is being revealed tonight at 
We’re about to go secure the tree 
It's never too early for some Christmas music!
Planning the week ahead? Make sure you put 
Who’s ready for Vlogmas day 1?!? 
We're feeling pretty damn festive down at Palace Green today for 
The very best makeup and skincare products to gift the beauty obsessive in your life this Xmas 
Things are getting underway at the DTSB First Friday Christmas Celebration. For the first time ever come pet live reindeer and watch Santa light the tree! I’m live in a few minutes 
‘Tis the season! The first holiday notes sound out at the Annual 
Christmas Craft Fayre Thursday 30th November. 6.30pm - 8.30pm Come along and buy your gifts. 
IT'S THE 1ST OF DECEMBER!!
It might be too soon to mention this, but...Christmas trees! Every year we fell some Scot's pines at Wildmoor Heath as part of our woodland management there.Come to our Christmas tree sale next weekend (9th-10th December) and get yourself a tree that doesn't cost the earth 
Saw my first trailer load of Christmas trees being delivered tonight.Surely they'd be fecked by December 25th? 
Cookies! It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in the Taste Cafe - with some delicious shortbread cookies to buy when you visit this festive season including red-nosed reindeer, Christmas trees and baubles! 
It is still not too late! 
We’ve reached today’s last stop. Thanks to everyone who came out to Oak Square in Brighton! 
Happy December Eve! Tis the season to for eating, drinking, dancing and being merry. 
Cinnamon, orange and raisins give this mince pie in a glass that magical Christmas touch...! 
Meet the 17 EPIC street food traders who will be heading to our Street Feast arena at 
202!!! That’s going way above and beyond for your 
Now it's December, what's on your fitness Christmas wishlist? 
Gifting season has begun! See our beauty director and editor-in-chief Melanie Morris​ and Marissa Carter, founder of Cocoa Brown pick their favourite selection of gorgeous gifts for friends, family, kids and themselves from Cara Pharmacy
63rd annual Tree Lighting Ceremony: Dec. 7 at 6  p.m. on the Horseshoe! Hope to see you there!
In Chicago for the weekend and spotted my new book in the Chicago Tribune! THE TWELVE DAYS OF CHRISTMAS is “Fresh, fun, and full of energy”! Thanks to 
My Christmas Gift Guide is up on the blog, great gift suggestions for everyone 
Tomorrow's the big day! 
Next week is Christmas Week here at Student Life! We will be posting festive blogs and vlogs for the holidays! 
Lucky me...thank you for stopping by 
Yay !! We’re spreading some Christmas magic today 
It’s officially Christmas. Phonewatch Kids Christmas Party 
If you want to buy a Christmas album this year, I highly recommend 
Dec 1st and we're in the Christmas mood 
Experience the brightest and cheeriest of holiday seasons in 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas
12 Days of Promos: Day 4. Up to 50% off stickers. » 
Still too soon to talk about Christmas? A shorter squarer version of the longer rectangular-er video (pinned to my profile). I'd love for you to consider getting your charity Christmas cards from 
 Do you want a Swans membership under your tree on Christmas Day?! Join / Renew before 4pm tomorrow to ensure your pack arrives before Christmas Day!
SATURDAY there is a serious holiday hoedown happening at 
Feeling lit up like a Christmas tree rn 
We know it's not December yet but 
Wishing the one and only Buddy the Elf, our lovely 
 Big Christmas calendar highlight is the invite to sing for residents, their families & care workers at 
Me listening to Stanaj sing Last Christmas 
Tree in place and grotto coming together! It must be nearly time for the Christmas Fair - see you there tomorrow!
We're giving away a VIP package to Christmas at the Ryman with 
Hope everyone’s had a very merry 1st December! 
Happy December 1st! 
Keep your eyes peeled from tomorrow onward for 
It's the first day of December, and Anne the Champagne Lady from 
The snow is falling in Manhattan & it’s almost Christmas...
Making the most of this natural beautiful light before we head to the theatre for our Nutcracker season ! Less than a week 
Have you got your tickets to our Christmas dinner yet? 
Saturday 2 December in Prescot - Festive Producers' Market, Arts & Craft Fayre & Christmas Lights Switch-on. 
A huge thank you to the amazing first group this morning 
Training this evening has been cancelled, be in touch regarding when we start after Christmas. Merry xmas to every one from WMCC. 
 Christmas fair this Sunday 11-3 at Rainford village hall free entry 
What a bright time, it's the right time to rock the night away aboard Showboat Branson Belle 
Only the Grinch should have green fingers this 
Help us raise funds for 
Merry Christmas and happy holidays!! 
We are all getting ready for are Christmas at Central CD launch tonight!!!
It's time to "Fill the Fire Truck!" 
There's free parking in council car parks and town centre pay-by-phone bays this Saturday for Small 
The Jolly Season starts at New Street Square EC43BF the 7th December
It’s beginning to look a lot like....... 
The most wonderful time of the year is on its way, and we've got just what you need to deck the halls in style 
Tag someone who is definitely in the Christmas spirit... 
Spend Xmas Day in blissful British rusticity and book to spend your day with us! Our e-brochure has the info
The excitement is building for this year's 'Christmas Lighting Up Ceremony' with official Dublin GAA All-star 
NEW: Blogmas Day 1 | November Favourites 
Don't miss the UP Premiere Christmas Movie, 
We are busy getting ready to open the door of our Christmas shop tomorrow morning at 9am. Hope to see you there 
Is it Thanksgiving yet?! Looking forward to getting our Christmas trees up this week! 
We can't think of a better way to celebrate the 1st of December 
It's beginning to SOUND a lot like Christmas! Hear Holly & Holiday Traditions now 
Come get into the holiday spirit with 
Tynemouth Food Festival Winter Edition is not just fantastic food and drink, its also packed with festive family fun!  Take a sneak peak at our entertainment...
Love to see Limerick city centre alive this holiday season! 
New Ladies Lunch Productions sketch coming soon!! Christmas theme and all 
Right ....... NOW it's Christmas 
The new John Lewis advert has arrived, what does everything think of 
Who is going to Light Up Night tomorrow?At 6:30 pm 
It's official - Sir Larry Gogan has officially declared Christmas 2017 
Our Languages Advent Calendar is up - come by every day to hear a different festive greeting! 
Tonight's the night! Get your hot chocolate and candy canes ready & tune into 
 loved your reindeer cake this afternoon
ONLY FOUR MORE SATURDAYS LEFT UNTIL CHRISTMAS 
CHRISTMAS IS COMING!
Did you have fun at the 51st Annual Governor's Carolighting? Tweet us your pictures of the beautiful tree 
OUR CHRISTMAS FAIR HAS ARRIVED 
The Christmas tree is still standing. But all the jingle balls and snowflakes are not within my reach anymore. 
Happy 1st of December! We couldn't be more excited for the annual Sing! 
Please keep the people of Puerto Rico in your thoughts this holiday season 
If anyone is near Clovelly on Sunday and wants to get into the 
 It’s December, and time for our 
Santa will be at the track this weekend! 
I don’t know why but the Little Hippo Burger I had from 
A sneaky peek at our first 2018 title – Rocking the System: Fearless and Amazing Irish Women who Made History! We're also offering a very special thing to our followers and releasing 100 copies in mid-December in time for Christmas 
Come on down to St James Park 
Merry Christmas! Today is about giving to others. Everyone have a blessed day! 
Introducing our limited edition Cheese and Branston Mince Pies by Lily Vanilli 
The internet had so much fun with this 
Plymouth’s Waterfront is sprinkling a little extra magic this Christmas! 
RT if you're excited for Christmas already. We certainly are! Our 
The text message is 25 years old today! It said Happy Christmas 
 | Magical Light Display tonight 
How much Christmas shopping will you buy from your local shops this year?
Preparations underway for our Big Switch On this Friday 1st Dec 6pm .....3 days to go 
The legendary Mayfair institution 
The holiday season is almost here 
It’s the first of December and it snowed yesterday! Back this year our magical Christmas Market. Hot chocolate, mince pies and the smell of mulled wine drifting through the atrium. 
Around the World in 80 Days 
David Holmberg, President and CEO of Highmark Health, and his grandson kicked off the downtown Pittsburgh holiday season by lighting the Highmark Unity Tree at 
Waking up in a winter wonderland? 
18 days into the Giving Tree at 
Right outside my bedroom window! Don't think I'll bother putting one up in the house! 
On the blog - DIY Christmas tags! 
In 2 weeks, discover how Charles Dickens wrote the iconic festive story A Christmas Carol with the heartwarming 
HAPPY DECEMBER!! 
We're taking 12 fab bloggers to some our our great Independents for 
Happy 1st of December, folks. The season may be over, but we have plenty of 
NEARLY PAY DAY PEOPLE! And there's only a limited amount of FREE styling sessions left this Christmas w/ 
 The Brampton Museum's a wonderful place to visit all year round, but especially at Christmas time 
Any bloggers working on Christmas gift guides get in touch 
This year, Xmas has come to Walt Disney Studios Park, too! Join Goofy for the most magical celebration ever! 
This action packed show will thrill the entire family! Surprise your loved ones with tickets to share in the magic of the season!  
Seriously, it’s going to be great. Tickets available at the door and at 
Did we mention everything is under $35 & will be on campus before you go home for break?!? Start your
Next up on our bumper day of Christmas switch ons...it's 
We're ready for Sloe Gin season 
We would just like to say a very big THANK YOU to a few of our local businesses who supported our Christmas 
We'll have lights, baubles,carols, santa, mince pies, mulled this, mulled that, warmed this, warming that...But will we have snow?Do come along on Sunday 17thD ec at 6pm, you'll enjoy it, it'll be very Christmassy 
It’s the time of year to cuddle up with a cup of hot cocoa and watch holiday movies all night long! Tell us your favorite holiday movie in the comments! 
It’s beginning to feel mighty festive on campus! 
Put pen to paper & get creative! Enter our Christmas Poetry Competition and you could WIN a brilliant book token from 
Need some FAMILY GAME IDEAS for the Holidays? 
My last Italia Conti carol concert 
Your Christmas tree may play an integral role to your Christmas decor. But have you ever wondered what place trees and woodland have in British Art? Check out our research here: 
Having a mini pre Xmas holiday weekend 
Officer Gary Wheeler needed help with landscaping and Christmas lights 
Baltimore’s authentic German Christmas Village
Want something to make your freestyle a little more festive. Help is here to have you ready for December 
Help raise a cheer by retweeting. We are giving 5p from every Christmas 
Banner’s is getting Christmassy 
Please tell me  I'm not alone!! Anyone else started? 
Check out our Instagram today, the brilliant 
It’s the 1st December! Who's got that festive Friday feeling? 
Our Cheadle office is a drop off point for 
I know it's probably still kind of early...but is anyone else thinking about putting up their Christmas decorations? 
Give the gift of great food this Christmas 
The Best Christmas Marketing Ads of 2017, are there any we've missed? 
Looking for something a little different this festive season...book our Christmas Treat Wine Dinner £55pp 19th Dec call 01962 841414 
Have you heard about Judith Kerr's new book? I'll definitely be buying Katinka's Tail for Lily this Christmas! 
Only 2 days to let us know about your 
What an incredible night at the Beacon with 
Christmas has officially arrived at the children's hospital! Massive thanks to 
Only a few Camo pairs left in all sizes, we are trying our best to get the next delivery in before Christmas 
Could you help spread a little Christmas cheer? 
 Hawk performing in-store at 2pm TODAY. Don't miss out! Mulled wine, mince pies and chocolate for all in attendance. Oh, and some lovely live music too! 
We’re in the mood for Christmas here at 
We hope to see you all there! 
Tonight is the night! Please come down & support us as we hope to raise as much as possible for a fantastic cause!! 
Happy December 1st! It's time to get festive...Snug Cinema will be showing Elf in Johnny Mac on Monday 4th from 7pm.Festive snacks included! 
Happy 1st of December! Here's 
Last M1 League game before 
Santa just endorsed us!!!! 
Santa will be rolling burritos on 12/12 at our Harvard St. location! Join us in support of 
UK adults are given £2.6bn worth of unwanted Christmas gifts every year. Don't give pointless presents
here’s to a beautiful tree lighting
S5/6 Hospitality feeling festive making mince pies after working extremely hard all week
 means an entire month of infinite holiday adverts to elicit true holiday spirit. Watch 
Make sure to read today's Blogmas post! It's a gift guide for her! 
Our Christmas Tree Festival is now officially open *applause* - visit today from 10am-8pm, Fri 10am-5pm, Sat 10am-4pm,  Sun 1-4pm, Mon 10am-4pm and enjoy some FREE fir fun 
My doorbell is in the Holiday spirit! 
20 days of Top Country Christmas Giveaways begins today! 
RT & Follow for a chance to 
This Christmas tree made from paper chains would definitely make any classroom door look more festive 
Annual Texas Volleyball Secret Santa was a success!!!! 
We're looking forward to our 
It’s December & we’re feeling the holiday spirit (aka vodka) 
 This one is easy! 
Tickets are now on sale for our Christmas Gala Concert. Sat 16 Dec, 7.30pm Tickets available from the 
Less than a week until our Winter Concert! 
Check out our guys visiting with kids at the St. Mary’s children’s Christmas Party this morning! 
From Dingle Gin Infused Smoked Salmon to Irish Hampshire Ham, our Signature Tastes range will help you make this Christmas the best one yet!SuperValu, here to help you make Christmas Super. 
Notable Children’s Books of 2017 
These precious ornaments have come all the way from a small village in Austria to be with us. Each egg is hand... 
 Don’t forget that in the spirit of the season, you can get free shipping on any order by using the discount code HOLIDAY at checkout!
All Christmas merch has been shipped! If there's demand for more of the grinch shirts and BSS jumpers let me know and we'll think about releasing more 
It’s Sunday and day three of our advent calendar! 
We'll be performing a few songs with 
Is it too early to mention Christmas shopping yet? Take a peek at our gift guide > 
We're excited to announce that tomorrow we'll be launching Zip World's Advent-ure Calendar! 
Day one of the Active Advent from 
Hurry, there’s still time to book your POP Christmas Party! 
Join us tomorrow in the Gate G Atrium at 10:05AM for the 2017 
With team members like this, it's not hard to see why we have happy customers. 
The Festive Boys Have Arrived 
Hampstead is crammed with Christmas Fun today!
 a work in progress of some Christmas decorations I'm making for your office 
From 11am - 5pm on Saturdays and Sundays until 17th December! 
'And lo, they came to 
 is the perfect place to get a unique 
 See the tree light up nightly: Dusk to 1am, 25 Nov - 1 Jan
We are delighted to have Justyna's amazing Irish gift cards in Shoda from 
Mark your calendars for Fanfare of Lights at 7 p.m. on Mon., Nov. 27 
Look who’s back in town ...Elliot the 
Christmas Eve preparations in full swing 
Turkey, Brie & Cranberry every time! 
Love the Christmas coffee cups at 
November's coming to an end (
Looking forward to the big switch on in Navenby 
Having a hard time picking something to wear for Christmas Day 
It's true - we will be there! See you at the 
What’s behind today’s door….? It’s a Neff Slide and Hide oven! For a chance to 
I don’t have many festive photos in my camera roll yet (maybe I’m waiting for December to finally reach us!) but I do have a very festive blog post up today 
Christmas Humber Bridge Farmers Market Dates:Sunday 3rd December  9am-1pm
A USW Christmas story... 
What a fantastic way to kick off the festive season with 
 Looking forward to selling our Christmas Trees in store this weekend 
Party season awaits... 
It’s beginning to a lot like Christmas 
It's a bustling weekend in 
Bastille are here to get you ready for the Holidays! 
Because the festive season is upon us, we now serve 
A “little” holiday cheer has arrived in 
What’s on your dogs wish list this Christmas? The Chuckit! Fetch Medley is a great choice for fun and durability 
Who’s ready for Christmas...in a Cup?! 
‘Tis the season to be jolly 
It's OFFICIAL.... the 
I’ve partnered with @SoftSurroundings to show you how to GLAM up small spaces with cozy (and festive) ideas! 
Ellie the Elephant is in the Community Square, Gravesend, enjoying the Christmas Lights switch on! Go and say hello if you're about, she can tell you all about our Christmas Market next Saturday! 
It’s not too late to book your holiday party. Call us today! 781-961-4660
Good morning peeps, may you get to wear your ugliest Christmas sweater today! 
Fancy a Christmas jumper that's guaranteed for 30 years? 
It's cold outside, but there's always a warm welcome in 
DIY confetti filled Christmas baubles! So simple and fun to make! 
There's no better way to start your 
It's going to be a JAM PACKED December at the 
Guide to all things festive & spectacular in NYC this time of year. 
It’s beginning to feel like Christmas 
Christmas has exploded in Nexus... it’s the 1st of December so totally acceptable to play Christmas music and decorate some trees 
This will get you all in the Christmas spirit 
We found Stitch the Snowman at 
Starting to feel a lot like Xmas 
Happy 1st of December! Here’s to a month of festivities as we celebrate all your hard work in 2017 
 to take in lonely, older people for free over Christmas 
Want to get in the Christmas spirit this weekend?Join us at the Enterprise Hub this Sunday for 
It’s RELEASE DAY for Imagine!! You can buy or stream it TODAY at the links on my website: 
 the beautiful festive EP @DecemberDaze from the ginger bread girl 
32 days until Christmas!
Fitting end to a great day...Carols outside Holy Trinity 
'Tis the season! Celebrating our Chinatown Park tree lighting ceremony with 
We are sending $100 to everyone who retweets this! Comment your PayPalHappy Early Christmas 
Over 300 goody bags all stuffed and ready for this Friday’s 
 deals start NOW! Get an early start on your holiday shopping 
That’s our tap/jazz piece choreographed for the show 
This is an amazing offer! Looking for a brilliant Christmas gift? 
I’m so excited to take part in this virtual holiday party! Come join us! 
Day 2 of DEFEND's 10 days of Christmas!DECEMBER 2nd (Midnight to midnight U.K. Time)Free shipping on Ringer Shirts!Merry Christmas everyone! 
A wonderful way to engage with those around you this Christmas 
Announcing our next concert! Christmas Carols for Choir & Audience at 7.30 on the 8th of December, featuring some 
We are hosting a 5 series Nationality Rooms 
OKAY TWIST MY ARM. 
My Christmas Gift Guide is now up! 
Get your Christmas socks ready for 6 December and share a 
What a lovely afternoon at Thornton Cricket Club, doing Festive Shoots 
Spotted: DFW elves bringing 37-feet of holiday cheer to our terminals.Join us tomorrow, November 21, at 4:00 p.m. for the official 
Little Drummer Boy (LIVE) is now $.69 on 
Christmas Bazaar at Arabia Campus Fri - Tue 12 - 18
DAY 3 of our Digital Advent Calendar today's prize is a Paletta of your choice from the menu + a soft drink from 
Get prepared for the festive season with a £50 Amazon Gift Card! 
I thought it was just me in a panic.  
The last day of November it is then... Let the festivities begin! 
Still a few more days before the Christmas countdown can really begin! Who has brought their littles ones The Good Elf? 
Find the most spectacular holiday lights to gaze at across New York State this winter. 
Nothin' wrong with a birreh prep. 
Can’t wait for you to see 
Our Christmas afternoon tea 
All we want for Christmas is ⒶⒸⒶⒸⒾⒶ 
DUSK TIL' DAWN
For you & whoever else is in LA tomorrow 
Black Friday tips: David Mack holiday 
 The Salford Red Devils Supporters' Trust have organised the Junior Devils Christmas Party alongside Playkidds Childrens Play Centre.Read 
It's cold & dark..... No, we don't mean Winter, we mean our Christmas Mocha Porter - Festive Star 
It’s  officially December in 
No birds were harmed in the making of this wreath 
Join us in Manchester for our last bar modelling session of 2017. Special festive bar modelling problems included 
Juicy plump cranberries, buy now and freeze, or make into cranberry sauce and get ahead of the game this Christmas! 
Now it's December, who is putting their Christmas tree up this weekend? We love all the decorations in 
Can't wait to try these at our Christmas Food & drink 
Is it wrong to put ur Xmas tree up before the 1st ?
Imagine a city made for Christmas...
The Dublin Christmas Lights turn on this evening
Follow us on Facebook to be in with a chance of entering our Christmas 2017 Competition!
Don't forget to use 
All Three Locations Open Today !! Make Sure To Stop By And Grab That Loved One A Christmas 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas..
Mulled wine & mince pies tonight 
Anyone want to get a bit FESTIVE today stick on my channel VIVA at 1200 for Jedward’s Xmas House Party Top 50! Channel 353 on Sky. 
 Day 2 is over on my Instagram account - follow and comment on my latest post there before the end of today to win a copy of 
Christmas lights switch on today in Portstewart commencing 4.00pm with switch on at 5.00pm  featuring a surprise special guest but wrap up warm it's festive weather! HO HO HO!
HOW NOT TO MAKE A GINGERBREAD MAN!
Not a dry eye in the Conference as 
Thanks to the brilliant Sheffield  independent magazine 
Kicking off the festive season with the Christmas party for 300 local senior citizens! Looking forward to lots of music and dancing later 
Just under 2 months until The 
We’ve just received a delivery of more tags for the tree! We’ll get them strung and out soon. Plus, we’re working on even more made from 
Enjoy the first day of December! Here’s 
We’ve had a delightful morning with 
Can we please have a Christmas dress up day at college? 
Tickets released!Helping raise money for 
Darlings, we are THRILLED to invite all of you to join Charlotte's SECOND-EVER YOUTUBE LIVE! Learn how to get the MOST PERFECT PARTY EYE with VERY SPECIAL GUESTS 
 Christmas at Paultons returns THIS weekend! Peppa and George are all wrapped up in their hats and scarves and can't wait to meet you all! We hope you all have a great time at the Park! 
Thinking of putting a new phone under the tree this Christmas? 
Starting to feel holiday spirit here at Lucid! 
 Save the Date! It’s our 
 So many Sprint holiday savings under the tree 
We also have a gift for you... a free 5 day pass! Any non-members are welcome to come try out our facility for 5 days just pick up your pass at reception! 
Festive fabulousness has arrived in store, Christmas trees now in stock in 
Know anyone who would like to join us? Get in touch 
Festive scenes last night at the Derry~Londonderry Christmas Light Switch On 
It’s basically Christmas now then, isn’t it 
Our junior choirs rehearsing for this evening's exciting Christmas concert! 5pm URC Farnham - it's going to be Christmasy! 
TICKETS FOR OUR NEXT MASSIVE CHRISTMAS PARTY ARE ON SALE NOW! 
Happy December 1st!! 
Votes are in and we have an early Christmas present for you!
We will be revealing our Christmas sweater later. 
Think you have the best decorated office on the Wirral?Get involved for your chance to win £300 to go towards your Christmas party 
First Christmas card of the season from our friends 
 tent mules are now in stock. This comfy slip-on features lightweight Thermoball insulation that delivers unbeatable warmth for a chilly evening. They also make a great Christmas present 
Saks Fifth 2017 festive mood.. The countdown to Christmas is ON
Carol, craft and be entertained this Saturday at the Rancho Guajome Adobe for Rancho Christmas! 
If you’re a tea drinker then today’s prize will be right up your alley. A special package from 
There’s snow in the air, tomorrow is the 1st of December, and 
December is creeping up fast which means we can put our decorations up! 
What’s on today - Pistachio & Orange Cruffin • 
Can't wait to celebrate the season with you, 
It’s the countdown to Christmas 
Having a Holiday party?? Impress your guest with the best hotdogs & homemade condiments in town! We have serval options to help make your party the best ever! Give us a call or check our website for details today. 
Pleased to announce I will be singing at the Great Yarmouth Christmas Light Switch on this Friday 24th November 
Love this... some of my favourite people & books + 
Download one of our all time favourite 
MAGGIE’S CHRISTMAS MIRACLE on 
It's nearly time... 
 ends today for our exciting first ever Christmas Books Marathon 23rd Dec with the remarkable 
It’s beginning to look a lot like... 
bean. is. ready. 
The 75-foot tall Norway Spruce from State College was cut down Thursday and will arrive in the city Saturday. 
‘TIS THE SEASON TO BE A LONGHORN! the theme for fridays game @ Tonkawa is Ugly Christmas Sweaters! 
 December 3rd - Breast Dressed Christmas Tree 
Not long now until FESTIVE WONDERLAND in All Saints' Square!
Just 3 days left to donate! 
Christmas Single - River - On 
Festive fun & shopping 
Take a bite of Christmas spice and pick up a pack of Hawkens Gingerbread in store – we think they make the perfect stocking filler! 
merry christmas eve!! hope you all can make it to one of our seven services today, or our 10:00 service tomorrow morning! 
Thank you to the Phoenix Group who joined us for Festive Lunch at The Villa yesterday. 
HTX - One Week!!⠀.⠀
Not to be missed for a splendid Christmas 
This little Robin comes into my garden everyday It really makes me think of winter, hot chocolate and Christmas 
Start the festive season in style with Charlton House! 
There are still places available for our Natural Christmas Decorations workshop! Use natural materials such as willow and clay to create handmade festive ornaments 
Nurtured in Norfolk’s Countdown to Christmas 
Our Fratelli Christmas dinners are going down a treat tonight 
Chuffed to be apart of this year's 
Why not celebrate Christmas at 7 Hotel Diner with our Live Music Night with Lee Jackson as Elvis! Book now to avoid disappointment..
Get into the festive spirit this weekend with 
Well, I guess I know what is getting added to my yearly Christmas playlist along with every Johnny Mathis record, Home Alone soundtrack and The Kinks "Father Christmas" -- this beauty 
23 days until Christmas, but who’s counting? I’ve got your wish list all ready for you legends 
All set up for my second day 
Attend This Christmas Market With a Difference to Help Meaghers and Xposé Raise €50,000 for Charity 
Busy, fun day outside with 
Looking for something unique for that special someone this Christmas?
And now... it's time for the first of our 
This morning in Sunday school, making nativity decorations for our christmas tree festival 
Top job by the BBC One Marketing team and BBC Creative. 
Christmas has arrived in Covent Garden 
On the first day of Xmas the Bullfinch gave to me....a double instead of a single G&T! Pay for a single and get a double! Tap Room open today from 4:00pm...To claim your gift tweet 
Let the holiday baking begin! Follow along as we count down to Christmas 
Come on out, LA! Let's start the season off right! 
12/12 Make December Count! 
So proud of this project, a complete work of love for my family and all those who’ve been so supportive down the years. Thank you. Available for pre order on the ITunes Store. 
It's officially Christmas time, so 
I’m so glad you like them! I’d better share that recipe... 
It's Festive Harps and Christmas Songs at the Butterfly Farm from 11am Sunday 3 December 
This time of year is here again -  
Tickets on sale NOW! Ice skating, ice slides, rides, inflatables, & more, Dec 21st-31st in New Orleans 
From Brownie Christmas Tree at 
It’s 1 December, which can only mean one thing: the return of the 
We are now open daily for Santa Safari until 24th Dec! 
Get in the holiday spirit tomorrow night with the brightest event in TX, the McAllen Holiday Parade! 
Great ta! Anyone who wants to host one or encourage a pub to host one or just download it for
Don't forget that the Christmas Markets at George Sq and St Enoch Sq are now open - pop down for great food & drink, festive gifts and entertainment! 
Christmas is in full swing in the house now - scenes from your favourite Dickensian tales recreated with a Chatsworth twist! We look forward to welcoming you 
Another set of framed art pieces ready to go out and under someone’s tree 
He's not just a pretty face, my lovely friend 
 Day 3 of our countdown to Christmas 
Still not got round to organising your Christmas Party? Join us this evening 5-7pm and find out more about what we are offering this year 
These make dead nice presents for
It’s Christmas Time Here at 
Have you planned your Holiday party yet? 
Thanks for another great Friends Christmas party 
I’m picking pine tree tips to brew a Christmas tree beer 
Feeling christmassy with carols from our students at 
Happy 1st December from MarketMakers at 
We're feeling festive, tickets for The Nutcracker LIVE from the 
Out here making our list... 
Great day in Edinburgh today starting my Christmas shopping 
Say goodbye to festive fatigue and hello to mulled negronis, free daily film screenings and festive feelings on tap at 
Our research groups are behind the third door of our ECSCRIstmas Advent Calendar! 
Ho ho ho! Our branches and agencies are selling these fantastic Christmas decorations for a suggested donation of £1 each.  All donations will go to our charity partner 
Moorland Road Christmas Light Switch On Tomorrow starting at 2pm, lights on at 4:30pm 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
Deck the halls with bows of Malmaison, fa la la la la, la la la la 
The must-see festive film of the year, 
Don’t forget to come down this Sunday for our Christmas Fair!! 10am  til noon!! 
Kurt Weiss is ready to rock some Holiday Sales!!! We had an outstanding Open house tour, THANK YOU to the NY Metro Team for your continued Support/Partnership 
Larry the Cat is counting down to Christmas 
A pleasure to work w/ 
Do you have a specific day when you put up your 
You can still book your Christmas party at the River Rooms - our 
These were brilliant fun to make at CAP HQ 
Dazzling December | Christmas Spectacular 
We’re on stand H132 if anyone’s around today. Come and try some Festive Bites 
Thank you for coming! We had a great morning at the Christmas Fayre!! 
Alright Twitterati, the trees are up, first dress rehearsal is iminnent: 
The Weston-super-Mare Christmas Lights Switch On is TONIGHT! 
 Mandy’s Christmas countdown 
Bring your friends & family together for a wonderful Christmas evening
Please share. Don't be alone this Christmas 
Come one, come all to Library Square for the Christmas tree light switch on! 
We couldn’t get more CLUSEmasy 
Happy Christmas single release day everyone! 
Our Christmas Coffee Morning is under way! Everyone is welcome, come & join us! 
Our last issue of 2017 is out with the full 
This is about to be the best night ever. Best way to start the Christmas season 
Give the gift of education this Christmas! 
Merry Christmas, America! 
Looks like a stunning start to the 
Such happy Christmassy times in 
Fr Xmas officially lights the tree on Chorlton Green before we burst into song! Thanks 
ANNOUNCING: The Reader's Christmas Courtyard Fair in partnership with 
Another peek at some of the wonderful trees in church, if you haven't been to see them yet, what are you waiting for?? 
Get into the Christmas spirit with us 
It’s the Wimbledon Village Christmas Fair today! Join us at Bayley & Sage for delicious Christmas food tastings, scrumptious street food and we are also hosting the lucky dip! It’s a fabulous festive day out, hope to see you there!
ITS CHRISTMAS! To celebrate Newports turning on of the lights, Saturday 18th November all kids meals will be on us! 
Happy 1st December ! Time to eat loads of mince pies 
Christmas came early, folks! 
Spot the lone red bauble decorating Surbiton's Christmas tree 
Make Merry - Christmas Gifts 
Need a little pick me up this lunchtime? Don't forget you can still get a cracker surprise with every purchase of a hot drink through the Caffè Nero app! 
Wow wow wow what an amazing night! Thank you to everyone who made it. 
the only xmas card that matters. 
We’re just a few steps away from the 
 A little hint so Santa knows what to leave under my tree 
Okay, so it may not be beer related, but who else is excited about 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas at The Gainsborough! 
Getting your Christmas Tree this weekend? 
Get involved in this great cause this December with Tor Bridge High School, 100% of earnings are donated to 3 chosen charities! 
It’s Xmas decorations weekend & you need a soundtrack! 
Come and visit Santa’s Grotto at the Quick Stop Baby Shop, Bush Fair, Harlow from 3:30pm - Late night shopping & Christmas Tree Lights Up 
A great gift for Christmas 
We have a great range of Christmas Party Nights throughout the winter ready for all the family, work & social outings! On selected nights we have 
It's the most wonderful time for a beer 
Don’t forget, 
Ooh. Looks like 
On Tuesday, 11/28, in partnership with 
Yep Tom you need an elf visit as well ha ha 
There are lots of reasons to visit the 
On the 1st day of Christmas 
Christmas art made by the children at Wednesday's Blairtummock homework club. Then lovely chicken curry for dinner. 
Want to get into the Christmas spirit? Then these 5 markets are a must-visit! 
Too soon for Christmas? 
Thanks for the feature guys!  This year we have a special holiday offer 
O N L Y  2 3  D A Y S          
Do you want to support us with our event? Be part of something special in Huddersfield we all need to work together 
 Our magical Mansion inspiried by the Twelve Days of Christmas opens for the season tomorrow! Make your way through the state rooms, learning the secret symbolism behind this well-loved carol as you go 
 hi, hope you are well! Given you are a 
opnorthpole is officially open!! 
We’ve already started feeling those Christmas vibes! Can’t wait for the festive season to begin! 
first batch of pigs in blankets ready for the freezer for the silly season! 
Big thanks to one of our parents, Claire, who spotted our 
Crowd starting to build at today's 
Deck the halls! Public Works crews delivered the St. Helens Plaza Square tree this afternoon! 
Today!  Christmas on the Green live festive entertainment until 5pm. Come along this afternoon 
December issue out TOMORROW!
A sneak peek of our Christmas tree macaroons being built ready for a weekend of festive afternoon teas 
Tickets still available on the door, performance starts 7:30pm - perfect way to finish off your 
Just a little over 2 weeks until we kick off the Christmas Party Season! 
December is here!  What show’s will see you at this month? 
HI MEY’S MOM, THANK YOU EVERYONE 
Happy December everyone! 
Sloe Gin / Blackberry Fudge 
Not long to go now till 
One week until the inaugural  Yuletide at the Lakeside!Saturday, December 2nd10am-7pm
A huge shout out to our amazing custodians 
Christmas is fast approaching and we have a very limited number of spots still available for private lunch bookings. Get in touch with our events team if you'd like to host a festive event with us 
It starts here! We’re officially launching Christmas from 8am! An hour of your fave Christmas tunes! Which one do you want to hear? Dave & Heidi 
Thank you to our wonderful PTA who raised £1681.65 for school funds at the Christmas Fayre today! 
Ready to get festive, L.A.? 
Hello Everyone! Check this short clip out on 
Christmas in full swing at Randles Hotel 
I was back in my trainers tonight for the first time this week,so a steady 6 miles up and down my local hill the Kymin,
Get your tickets to our annual carol concert on 7 December in 
Coming up to Christmas, I have my merch on sale! Writing out Xmas cards also....
Interested in winning £500 of shopping vouchers in time for Christmas? 
 PHOTOS: First Christmases in the White House: From Kennedy to Trump 
Happy December! And we're starting off our Christmas playlist with Christmas Wrapping by the Waitresses 
Over the hump of the week everyone & heading towards our first parkrun of December. Woo! 
 starting today in store with great prices and 20% off every 2nd item purchased its till to get stocked up for 
The most wonderful time of the year is almost here. 
Tomorrow is also our annual Hoopy Holidays game! Come out to Goldfarb for free t-shirts, hot cocoa bar, cookies, and opportunities to win all kinds of prizes! 
Morning biology and Christmas fans! It’s day two of our 
Happy holidays Trevs - have a good break and relax 
What are your Toy Show Traditions? Let me know 
Did you see our Xmas in a box tweets today 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas – here are three Christmas tree trends you need to know about: 
WIN* a 2018 NPAS Calendar - How many laser attacks were NPAS subjected to in 2016? To enter reply by 10am, correct/closest guess wins. Winner announced later today *T&Cs apply: 
We have all the glassware you need for Christmas!! 
'National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation' premiered in theaters 28 years ago today, December 1, 1989
Give the gift of Elvis Style this Christmas, available from Amazon and all major book retailers 
LIVING for these Christmas vibes!! 
We've received our calendar, thank you very much.  We will be randoming selecting a lucky Y11 pupil each day to come and open a window. Seasons Greetings everyone. 
Caroling in the halls with the University Choir 
Merry THRIFT-Mas!! 
Trash to Treasure’s wine holder production is in full swing. £4.50 per holder or £5.00 for a holder with a personalised message. PM me or 
 Christmas is Coming to The Durham 
 Imagine snuggling up w/ Frankford & Dingo & *snowing*
Today I’m off to buy my Christmas decorations and I don’t even care if it’s only the 5th November 
We'll be live on Facebook this evening for the switch-on of the Christmas lights at 7pm! 
The wine lover on your list will love this delicious duo from South Africa 
It's that wonderful time of year again... Our annual holiday tree is lit for all to see! 
I wonder what the elves are up to while I’m away...
Great to finally get the win today! Super effort by the boys against a tough 
 DAY 1 - £100 GIFT VOUCHER 
Have you popped in and seen our Christmas range yet? It's begging to look a lot like Christmas this week!! 
"Maybe Christmas, he thought, doesn't come from a store. Maybe Christmas, perhaps, means a little more" - The Grinch
KS1 have all been working so hard on their Christmas play throughout the week. We are all so excited to share it with you next week! 
My newest post is talking ethical Christmas card, gift & advent calendar options with 
Glad we've already got our tickets sorted for 
Feeling festive at home today, made myself a little set of trees 
Enter the Holiday Dessert Recipe Contest by December 4th for a chance to win! 
Snap with us at tree lighting tonight! Filter provided by 
5 Exit-Intent Holiday Campaign Ideas to Boost Conversions 
It's beginning to smell a lot like Christmas! 
It’s bedining to look a lot like Christmas 
Is it actually possible to put Christmas decorations up without finding glitter in every room, cupboard, outhouse and wardrobe? 
It's Christmas TIME! 
Looking for holiday gifting tips? Check out Steve Noviello's gift guide live stream, starting now!: 
Tree Day!!! 
Have yourself a stress free Christmas this year and have your festive feast delivered right to your door! Savoury or sweet we do all the trimmings so you don’t have to 
Article of the week- “Why you can always depend on the kindness of teachers”. A good story and serious point to keep us all going as we launch into the Christmas season 
We're excited to announce the Winckley Square 
You know it’s beginning to feel like Christmas when 
Thank you to everyone that came along to Day 2 of 
 This gingerbread man bunting will surely make you home feel festive! Hang above your fireplace with your Christmas stockings for the ultimate cosy Christmas vibes 
Well, what a great performance 
 Super Saturday... our Ladies 1st XI play at Home, 1.30pm and to finish off the day the Men's 1st XI play at 6.00pm... don't forget to join us in the bar after for the annual Xmas Jumper Social.....
We're delighted to exhibit, and have have the opportunity to present our wine, spirits gift portfolio. 
Classes are busy completing their crafts to sell at the fair! Remember the fair is Tuesday 5th December, 1pm-4pm. 
Festive pants :) and a free hat & free delivery from 
Where to find London's prettiest Christmas wreaths: 
The countdown begins - who's already finished their Christmas shopping?! 
Struggling for gift ideas? Or a Secret Santa pressie? Have a look at 
Not too hot, not too cold. This weather is JUST RIGHT for you to come out and enjoy 
- COMING DOWN AT NOON TODAY- come and buy a unique Christmas present before they fly away!! 
Can't wait. We are coming very soon. 
Experience magic this winter! We have two 
 Day for the GRAD Goldsmith-Schiffman Owls today!! Our family is the best! 
Celebrate with double Shoe Perks points and $20 off $99.98+, online and in-store today! 
I'm so looking forward to December 6  
Less than 3 months to go... 
 There was a real sense of community in Shrub End tonight as our neighbours over in Glisson Square switched on their annual Christmas lights display. Terrific to have support from 
Don't miss Pasadena's most sought after holiday concert at All Saints Church on 12/16, get your tickets today!
We have a very special Medieval Christmas Pilgrimage taking place today until 4:30 
I’ve spent all day exploring Edinburgh’s Christmas highlights. So much festive fun here 
When we are creating atmosphere to christmas
Not long now.... So excited 
The largest Christmas Tree
Looking forward to this Fri 1st Dec, 9am - our LRN Christmas Breakfast at 
 A foolproof festive feast delivered straight to your door. Click for the best early Christmas present: 
Keeping toasty near the hot coals here at the Godalming Christmas 
Look who turned up this morning in Miss Metcalfe's class! Reception children have named him Elfie!
Join us in December!
Lonely this Christmas? Give yourself the gift of giving The connection & significance you lack not having family around can be found in the joy of giving 
The Vodka Mudshake Chocolate Candy Cane is a delicious choice for a holiday drink 
Go green for BLACK FRIDAY with 25% off EVERYTHING at 
'Tis the season to be dancing!
A little elf told me that LivePD was going to be riding with Sgt Leverett and K9 Flex tomorrow/Saturday for you 
As December draws closer, it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Eastbourne! Take a look at this weekend's festive events: 
Good afternoon and welcome to Broadhurst Park where we host Liverpool Marshall Feds Reserves in the league this afternoon - 2pm KO!
Oooh! We can’t wait! 
It’s that time of year to give the gift that keeps on giving! 
Come along tomorrow at 4pm to hear the Musical Theatre Elective singing at the Stonehaven Christmas Lights event. You’ll find us under the tree! 
2016 Staff Christmas Party!
Reconciliation means taking action & healing wounds. Support this dedicated mother in her efforts to bring her children home.There is no good reason this gofundme can’t be done by Christmas 
Day 2 of our 25 day of Christmas 
Less than 5 weeks until Christmas is here...get in the festive spirit & come along to 
The magic behind the Christmas adverts: Dr Charles Hancock is delving into how John Lewis sets the benchmark on Christmas Adverts: 
Explore this exciting new area of 
| WOW! How magical was last night's 
Enjoy the simple things in life this Christmas and eternalise your love with engravable Love Bridge bracelets 
I have 4 hours free in London tomorrow afternoon. What can me and 
Getting started on your festive shopping? 
playing a bunch of holiday radio shows this december!!
5 festive reasons to visit Edinburgh at Christmas: 
Prepareth to deck the halls with bottles of Fatty 
For one of the cosiest evenings in London, settle in to 
Great news for Cali! 
Kevin's back! And just as excited for Christmas as ever. Have you watched his journey to find love this Christmas? 
Our School Council and Flourish&Fundraise Charity team represent 
LOVE THIS!!!!! ‘Tis the season 
Want to up your game this Christmas with party starting outfits? 
Christmas is just around the corner, and it won't be long before we close for the holidays from the 18th of December.  
Under the tree this year we're hoping to find a bottle of 
 Just two days to go till the 
Have yourself a scary little Christmas! NEW Elvira ornaments from 
We're all set for the festive season!
Join us for a Christmas market spectacular in Meeting House Square as we aim to raise €50,000 for The peter McVerry Trust this Christmas. 
Join us on Saturday 2nd December for our Annual Christmas Food & Wine Fair. We will be joined by some of Corks Finest local Suppliers on the day
Feeling very festive as we are getting ready for the first Sunday of Advent tomorrow 
More Gingerbread houses were competed this morning 
It’s always a great read!! Make sure to go out and buy the Christmas 
The countdown to Christmas has begun!
The ultimate alternative Christmas party for people who prefer Halloween! Feat. Nun Habit, 
Oooh cant wait to start delivering these .......its nearly that time everyone 
 Grab a unique personalised gift for a Latics fan this Christmas!Full range 
Getting into the festive spirit! 
I ended up buying my own tree last night from the Dorwood Optimist Club — a Charlie Brown Christmas tree! 
Getting ready for the Children's Christmas 
A fan of Christmas AND in our Holborn hood tomorrow? This one's for you
Retweet if you miss Woolworths... 
Save 17% on our 24x Christmas Beer Case. That will make you hoppy! 
It's the start of December & we're feeling all festive 
Just one week to go until our annual Stoke Newington Town Hall Christmas Market - doors open at 10am on Saturday 9th December, FREE ENTRY and SANTA will be there too! 
Don’t miss out on our festive round-up of the best outfits and things to do this season – excitement ensured 
It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Whisper HQ! 
That's right its the 1st of December tomorrow !!! How that flew in !! But that means CHRISTMAS!! 
 is complete!! Say hello to our funky Christmas tree 
Psst... This Christmas, join our shadiest associates for festive shindigs filled with illicit 
The Holidays are coming in the Student Activities Office, 
Holiday cheer at the production office of @adiscoveryofwitchestv via  Instastory 
Super cute festive needle felted decorations at White Stuff 
GPPC Christmas Fayre is in full swing until 3pm. Games, crafts, gifts, tearoom & more! Thanks to all the volunteers from our community who have made today possible & helped raise funds for our school & bring us all some Christmas Cheer too 
Order your Christmas feast at Dollard & Co.
CONFIRMED FOR PLAYGROUND FRI 8TH: Ruth Bratt, Helen Foster, Charlotte Gittins, Susan Harrison, Briony Redman, Katy Schutte & Suki Webster! 
Match day for the Acre!Two sides are at SCT today, first up 
Add a splash of the Dash to your holidays! 
110% John Kearns and Pat Cahill will be back on December 21 for a
New Zealand's nationwide 
I might be making ornaments. GRIN!!! 
Looking for the perfect Christmas gift? 
As it's December 1st & we're feeling all christmassy at Cuppacoffee, we've gone and put every component of the Christmas dinner into one big sandwich. Please welcome, The Xmas Butty 
Wake up the luxurious warm surroundings of 
This Saturday is Halifax's Christmas Lights Switch On! 
Started the Christmas shopping? Want to buy something awesome, heartfelt & not from Amazon? I know some crazy talented people whose crafts make ace pressies. Why not buy a handmade leather journal from 
HO! HO! HO! Christmas lights switch on in Portrush tonight.  Entertainment commences 6.30pm with lights switched on at 7.30pm.  Wrap up warm! 
First Sunday of Advent - wishing for Peace for the world 
Join us this Sunday 11-3pm for FREE finger printing craft. For Kendal Christmas light switch on 
We have you sorted for snacks this Christmas, pop in store for great offers 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas on campus 
 to last weekend’s festive fun day out taking part in the 
The first batch of stars have been fired at my studio 
Merge Cube for Christmas?
My eleven-yr-old tells me we are having a "winter woodland wonderland" themed 
Its Christmas Party Time 
We hope you enjoy this first December weekend. Go out with friends, grab a drink, and relax! Let the Holiday festivities begin! 
We now ship worldwide! Great news in time for Christmas 
Holly's doing a great job putting up the Christmas tree 
Party season is almost upon us! Celebrate your annual get-together with friends, or the anticipated work Christmas party with us!
Really looking forward to this on 7 Dec 
Am digging out the Christmas earrings in preparation for 
It’s that time of the year again – Christmas! Our Christmas tree has been set up and, we are inviting you to donate Christmas presents for local children in need as part of the Christmas Tree Project. Drop by our East Village Welcome Office.
Come party with soul singer 
Long Island, we're kicking off the holiday festivities on November 28th at The Paramount for our Shake Up Christmas concert with 
On the second day of Christmas… Start the festivities early with the YCF colouring comp. Text YCCF01 and £1 to 70070 and send your entries to Claire.Cunningham@yorkshireccc.com. Good Luck!
'Tis the season! Come see 
Join me in celebrating Christmas early w/Jacob!
Just a little over two weeks until I'll be back in the UK for another amazing Panto tradition. Can't wait! 
Getting ready for the festive season! 
A2. Fun question! 
This little shit showed up just in time for Chrismukkah! I bet you know somebody who would love one stuffed under his/her tree. 
•Twas’ two nights before Trans-Siberian Orchestra...•When all through the arena, not an instrument was playing, not even the scoreboard •The arena was prepped and made ready with care•With hopes that holiday spirit would soon be there
And we're open! What a beautiful day to kick off 2017's 
A Christmas dinner wouldn't be complete without classic pigs in blankets. Have you booked your Christmas meal with us yet? 
5S gave us a fabulous assembly on their class value compassion this afternoon. They told us about 4 charities and let us vote for our favourite one to donate the money raised from our Christmas stalls this year. 
Give the gift of all-natural, cruelty-free beauty this Christmas 
I forgot how stinking cozy Christmas trees make your house feel 
This year, it’s all about 
Tonight is the last Open Mic night of semester and we're requesting Christmas tunes. 
Such an amazing day today!! What a crowd
Just had a tweet off a hat saying he found this bad lad, and we have some of these magic hats that can make you handsome available at the club. However, some of last year’s didn’t work. 
Planning to leave Canada for Christmas break? 
Setting up the tree and hitting a Christmas party so it’s 100% time for 
Heading down to see the Christmas Tree Lighting 
9 million people intend to volunteer to help others this festive season - join in if you haven't already to spread some Christmas cheer!
Can't ignore it anymore! Christmas stock is out and ready for action 
Absolutely stunning stuff from Daniel Kitson tonight at 
Where do you get your Christmas tree? 
We're very excited to welcome lots of guests to campus today! For our College & Degree open events as well as the 
It's December 1st - that can only mean one thing! It's time for Xmas songs!
Tonight’s the night! 
Help us Light up a Life and join us for a wonderful Christmas evening
Enjoyed townofcary's 34th annual 
I thought this only happened to people in funny Christmas movies. 
LET'S DO THIS 
Shannon went crazy today
Happy 1st December!!!Can you believe it?! 
It's finally December and the countdown to 
So weird seeing this years Mcdonalds Christmas advert on tv as it was filmed in Bath 
Date Night: Christmas Tree 
Start getting into the Christmas spirit by rustling up some low fat, dairy free gingerbread biscuits. Let us know how you get on! 
Happy Christmas everyone!! 
PS4 PRO / Astro A40 TR / NightHawk Giveaway!!!
I love a poinsettia each Christmas 
It's December 1st...you know what that means!!! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas here 
The most wonderful time of year begins next Friday! 
Get lit with Holiday Lights 
A Very Vintage Christmas by 
Another haul of absolute STONKERS landing with us this week, with more announcements coming soon and loads of treats hitting the taps too! 
Great ideas to bring joy to others over the festive period 
Holiday is here!!! 
From tiny to teens, these 6 winners will be hit gifts this year for kids. 
When you've already decorated your 
Take a trip back in time with these Credit Union Christmas Pageant photos from the 
LIONS CHRISTMAS DRINKS | 
There's only a few days left to lock in your spot at Hockey Season's Greetings! $50 gets you dinner & a skate with the team, plus gifts, prizes and more!
Yess! You gotta love Christmas on Hope Street 
Fancy a free festive treat this weekend? Come along to our 
Get Home Safe & Sound with
Our Tin Soldier EP is out NOW ahead of the show opening next week at 
 Winter Welsh 2017 Christmas 
Brilliant idea ! do we get chocolate too :-) 
I couldn't be more excited to kick off my 
Get into the festive spirit and get the kids involved in making these delightful Christmas Tree Meringues. 
New year ..new challenge. Huge discount available on our fast track course if you enrol by Dec 20th 
We’re super excited to be welcoming 
If you would like a signed copy of any of my books with a personal message for 
With Holidays season coming !?! What is one thing everyone wants for Christmas ? 
Of course, a Christmas 
Did we agree on a Christmas song? Did we ever find Jack? Find out tonight... 
It‘s finally that time of the year again!Holiday (What Do You Want?) by 
 is having a Holiday Blowout Sale!! Use code "HOHOHAUTE" And get 50% off your entire order!!
Last Chance to Pre-Order the SFE Holiday Shirt 
First Christmas dinner of the season at 
Oh dear Stratford team need some support with theirs! 
Gift Card Battle Rd. 2
Going to look at the tree at Rockerfeller Center!! Christmas season is here
Don't forget all the wonderful local shops that we have in Tralee when you are out and about this Christmas. Think local, shop local 
Gin... we applaud you! 
The Tea Room tree is up and looking fabulous
Ok it’s officially December! I can start playing Christmas music & the best way to kick off the month is with 
It's the most wonderful time of the year!Pop down to the Square this Friday for lots of festive fun 
Biggest giveaway ever! A Christmas on Swiss Farm! Over £150 worth. Everything you need for the perfect Christmas. For one lucky winner! All you need to do is retweet. Must be following! Good luck 
The Bay's Christmas Menu is now available! Please contact the cafe on 01934 427300 to pre-book your visit! 
Christmas is here!!! Come try your holiday favourites! 
Dinner date with my daughter and now it’s time for pajamas and a movie.Watching “Home Alone 2.”
We're finally opening on Saturday 25th November! Xmas trees, a Log Cabin, beautiful Xmas decorations, a tea shop and adorable reindeer. Make yours a Cotley Christmas this year! Watch our new video on Facebook now 
Let's celebrate all the fantastic local businesses who make 
It is ON! Who would win in a fight? 
We have festive friendly animal encounters over Santa Safari! 
Join us for the Holiday Choral Spectacular tonight and Nov. 30. // Tickets: 
Yet to get your Christmas Tree? Why not get one from us, details in the photo! 100% of profits going to Peter McVerry Trust! 
Decorating for the holidays this weekend? 
Join our Brownies and Guides at Sale Library on Saturday for the Christmas lights Switch On! 
Don't forget shops in St Helier are open till 9pm today for Christmas shopping 
Don’t miss our 64-page Christmas special issue of The Dish, out with 
The Craft Village transforms into a Winter Wonderland with the Christmas lights switch on this Saturday 
What could be better than a Christmas Tree 
I had a great time at the Birch Community Centre Christmas Market today. Wonderful creative community spirit, well done all involved
Any book I work on has some free accompanying activities that go along with it, so you can give a book AND something fun to do or cuddly toy!
Happy December from Paternoster Chop House!
Get there early 2avoid disappointment. Santa will be there. 
It's mid-November and the air in 
We'll be back Tuesday, December 5 to celebrate the holidays! 
Kevin's back and just as excited for Christmas as ever! Have you watched his journey to find love this Christmas?
Never too early for Silent Night Boyz II Men style with 
Kribmas pre sale tickets were on sale 12hours yesterday and damn near sold out. Tomorrow general admission tickets go on sale & ya bet not go out sad.  Y’all better cop them tickets 
Festive fancy dress anyone? 
Urchin Christmas Cocktail! 
Before and after pics. Big thanks to Sean at the Harrogate Xmas Tree centre 
Seasonal, atmospheric and romantic! CHRISTMAS AT CONWENNA COVE by Darcie Boleyn is 99p for a limited time only! Grab this amazing must-read for 
One in ten workers plan to hit on their boss at office Christmas parties – you've been warned  
 12 Days of Christmas | Buy or claim your tickets to The Clash now, & you could be in with the chance of winning one of these fantastic prizes. Read more here 
Take time to breathe and enjoy the season 
It’s day 2 of my 
Don't forget to drop in to the last market day of term today! There's a chocolate twist... And we'll be switching on the Christmas tree lights at 1pm 
My festive picture book round-up! 
Who said chocolate doesn't grow on trees? 
Too early?? 
Welcome to the team to our new mascot! Head to our Facebook on Monday to help name her! She loved helping turn on the Melksham Christmas lights 
Thank you to everyone who supported our PFA and attended our fantastic Christmas Fair today! We hope you enjoyed it 
BACK IN STOCK! 
You know you're from Canada when the Ontario Government declares the first Saturday of December 
Do Saturdays get any better ! Love a pint of 
To help you out, we’ve put together a handy guide of Christmas essentials so they don't slip your mind: 
Starting to look a lot like Christmas 
£6584 left to raise! If everyone interested can get behind us at this pivotal time, we can do it!!This will help 10 areas in the UK to create Christmas Day for nearly 500 young people leaving 
Fact: The holidays officially start when our 
A 25-metre Christmas tree from 
If Winter/Christmas is getting you into the wedding spirit then look no further... 
On personality, emotional labor, and surviving the holidays. 
Putting up your tree this weekend? Make sure you don't forget these two! Make your own Gruffalo and Gruffalo's child 
Rise and shine! It's Day 2 of 25 Days of AP! Get this pin set for only $12.
We're getting festive 
Did you miss out on today’s Christmas shopping extravaganza today 
We're at the Nerdy Days of Christmas craft fair at Market Square! Come check out the vendors and pick up your 
Our beautiful Starry Night gift range is now available online and in stores.Perfect for Christmas gift ideas 
 Spread the love today! 
This is what Christmas looks like... 
Lovely to see these rehearsal shots of BAA clients, 
Just opened our first Christmas job of the year. 
Brrrrrrrr!!!! What bright cold start to December ..... & just 20 days away from our next 
You still have time! Stop by 
My favorite way home this time of year. Love ya, Chicago. 
Thrilled to be part of Carols this year 
Bundles, bundles, totes bundles!! It’s beginning to look a lot like 
You can find our Christmas Opening Times for all our indoor markets now on our website 
Lots of great decorations being made in Central Hall at St Thomas' Hospital today. We can't wait to see them added to our tree 
A blessed new month 
Celebrate the joy at our Annual Tree Lighting celebration tomorrow night, November 16th, at 7:30pm. Hosted by 
How many people does it take to unscrew the Christmas decorations for a quick test run before December?
We’ve had a busy day at the 
Just in case you missed the magical moment! 
Feeling festive with some Christmassy songs from the fab 
In the run up to Christmas we will be inviting a client to open the E.J. Churchill advent calendar we wonder what’s inside.....
Its December ya'll, may your holiday season be as lit 
Christine has been a fantastic support for Cash for Kids. Thank you for your continued support for 
DON'T MISS!  
It officially Mulled Wine season! 
Due to very high demand we have our most popular, reindeer shirt back in stock now 
Looking forward to presenting this very special Christmas lunch on Friday 
So let’s start the Xmas season of right!!! 
 are back on 16th Dec with a Christmas Carol
Looking for a hotel for NYE fit for some Miss America girls... 
 reads The Night Before Christmas 
Warning tweet may contain a lot of pixels! Normal pixel service will resume tomorrow
The St Enoch Christmas Market opens today! Pop down for tasty food & drink and great festive gifts 
| Who's heading to the 
Thanks so much for taking part, we can’t wait to see photos of all your snazzy festive jumpers 
Have lots of festive family fun this weekend at W5! 
Holiday treats from G’s 
‘Tis the Season! Such a great time hosting 
This year we had an estimated 140,000 people attend all the free events that took place as part of 
Find this cozy scene transformed into Santa’s Grotto in Falmouth Library! He will be there greeting children and giving gifts from 5:30-8:00pm. Family friendly and free! 
Ooh check out our CHRISTMAS POP-UPS!! 
Hello everyone, it's time for our 
It's not long until we can put our trees up for the feastive season! When do you put your 
We put up our Giftmas Tree early this year thanks to 
We know a lot of you have been waiting to hear this man! Take it away, 
Turners Cider will be at Leeds Castle Christmas Market this weekend 25/26 Nov - truly magical 
Did someone say Xmas Party Kegs? 
FOLLOWING/DMING YOU ACTIVES WHO LIKE & RETWEET MY PINNED TWEET! 
Here we go, up loft for the Christmas tree 
Adorn your tree with personalised Christmas ornaments, available in 5 festive shapes! 
Are you putting up your Christmas tree? Trim your tree with ornaments from Sendik's Home! 
It's that time of year....Festive Foodie Friday is back! On Friday 8th December we will be on the lawn enjoying 
Pit stop on the way home from Essex - Redbull, Chocolate and a Christmas CD 
If you haven't already, download your copy of 
Melania Trump took a classic, safe approach to her first year decorating the White House for Christmas. 
Christmas card writing and Home Alone 
The countdown has begun... Happy 1st of December everybody from 
Just remembered HR said we MIGHT be able to have an ugly sweater party next month 
Send the cutest card to your BFF this Christmas with our 'Season's Greetings' card, designed in partnership with 
We have been busy making Christmas cards for the Christmas Fayre on Friday the 8th of December 
Today we were joined by children from Greasley Beauvale Primary School who sang festive songs at our Christmas light switch-on 
Can’t wait!!! 
Today I hosted a festive brunch for these gorgeous ladies in collaboration with 
Get your Christmas Appeal Badges here: 
 As a Dickensian Christmas treat we are giving you the chance to win Search and Find: Christmas Carol by 
Don’t miss the East Grinstead Christmas light switch on - 4pm 25th November! 
Our fabulous facade setting the scene this festive season 
Only 3 weeks to Christmas Eve! Still working out the details of my major holiday road trip, but I'm really looking forward to Christmas in Houston
The big tree gets lit like The Vista in 30 min — get down here. 
We promised you festive pavs, so we are bringing you festive pavs
We think someone told Ivy Head Office about our plans for a "MyMarlow Best Christmas Window Display" award. It's a bold effort 
Tonight! Big Christmas Light Switch On in Ashton-in-Makerfield 
Christmas drinks and nibbles ... join us 
Just seen a sneak preview of the marvellous 
I'm live on air tomorrow  (Wednesday) with 
Our regional organiser for the South West Adie Baker is meeting with our 
Thank you to Richard and the team at The Broadway Hotel 
Got your official Giants Advent Calendar yet!??Proceeds to 
Too early for Xmas lights?  No... ho... ho... ho...
EXACTLY 9 WEEKS UNTIL 
danggg! dem daddies funny. 
On the 2nd day of Christmas 
Think it’s time to get the 
Bridget's fabulous Christmas decorations are now up in the Scrapstore 
 | You can still enter 
I made the mistake of making the comment that I felt like Santa and his reindeers as I was sitting on the train on the group ride. Now I have Christmas music in my head. 
I’m playing at this lovely little secret mews in 
The Victorian Christmas Festival takes place this weekend in St Anne’s! 
"Deck the Halls" from A CELLO CHRISTMAS 
One month today will be Christmas Day
Since everyone’s getting in the festive spirit, here’s our version of Xmas. RT and get your friends dancing
I know we've made it tricky this year with 4 lovely advent card designs to choose from but you're running out of time! They need to be posted before the end of November ready for December 1st.
Busy, busy day....In Manchester for 8.30am..Visited stores (looking good & very busy 
SNEAK PEEK: Next week we’ll hear from 
Want to learn how to decorate like a 
I’m so excited to be a part of 
The perfect gift for everyone this 
It's the first day of 
A few last minute spaces left on our wreath making course in Fulham this Friday! Make a beautiful wreath to take home, enjoy some mince pies and start feeling festive! 
Christmas has come to The Rosendale. Anyone else put their decorations up? Too soon? 
Launching pre-orders of A Glint o’ Scottish Fiddle today until 20th December, w delivery in time for 
On the 2nd day of giveaways, Highlights gave to me: a Christmas Fun carry-and-play board book 
So close, Houston!⠀.⠀
With 3 festive markets 
1) On the 3rd day of Woofmas...
Ring in the season in the most magical way with holiday home decor from World of Disney! 
Fri. Dec. 8 join us at the brewery for the 
The East Street lights go on at 5pm 
 Final event of the year will be on December 13th - expect brilliant speakers and a few Christmas treats.
Some characters which are dotted about in my latest 
My favourite Christmas movie is Carol. Can’t wait to mysteriously loose my glove in a John Lewis. 
Who remembers this event?? Could this be happening again in Moston?? Keep them eyes peeled you never know... 
Dec 2nd, our second Field Day Advent Countdown! 
Getting into the festive spirit here in the lab!! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas at The Old Bell Hotel 
Can you believe it’s almost 1 month until Christmas?! 
 Picking out a Christmas tree is half the fun of the holidays! Share that joy & help us spread more holiday cheer! 
Not long till our annual Christmas Fayre this weekend, and the Hall is looking beautiful! Tickets available online and on the door!
NEW • I've switched up my morning coffee routine, and feeling more festive for it! 
Tomorrow we'll be revealing the first in a series of Egmont Christmas surprises 
Surely I’m allowed to start getting excited about Christmas now?
'Tis the season for Family, Fun, & Giving
 Our Christmas Menu is here! 
The Bing Crosby vinyl is out, and that means the Christmas season is finally here 
It's Christmaaas |  SALE upto 75% off at Online4baby 
And if Science-y Museum stuff is more your thing, then follow 
 Thanksgiving is over, but check out these tips before you deck the halls. 
All three performances of The Magic Hatter's Christmas Cracker at 
Starting November 20th Life Skills is selling their handmade Christmas items from the Jags Den. 
It's Day 1 of our Advent 
Only 2 weeks away!  We are so excited for our 4th annual Holiday Market 
Will be putting the Christmas Tree 
Carols for Business is moving to Burslem this year on the 20th December 6.00pm! All welcome come and sing your favourite carols share the festivities with colleagues 
Neither sleet nor rain nor dead of night could dampen our holiday spirits at Friday night’s 
E3 ward's Christmas tree is looking fab! I wonder how our other wards are getting on 
Christmas has arrived a tad early at C12! Feeling of so festive 
Day 3 of Christmas Stories 
If this doesn’t put you in the Christmas spirit we don’t know what will! 
Meet the SWFRS safety elf who’s checking lights before putting the decs up this weekend - have you checked yours? 
Naughty little elves helping out!
Printed one side and engraved on the other, these 
I just love Christmas time, like I don’t understand how you couldn’t love it 
THIS WEEKEND: Santa will be in Midtown for 36th Annual Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta Christmas Parade on Saturday, Dec. 2. Parade kicks off at Peachtree St. & 16th St. at 10:20 a.m. Vehicles left on the parade route will be towed. More info: 
Have you picked your tree yet? No? Then come and see us! We have some gorgeous real Christmas Trees ready for you to take home and decorate ready for Father Christmas and all those exciting presents! 
Light Up Night Tailgate is happening now until 7:30pm in the LH lobby! Enjoy hot chocolate, cookies, hand warmers, & more before heading to 
The first door has been opened - today’s message is in Romanian. Craciun Fericit! 
 Sunday Brunch office debate - what time do you have your Christmas dinner? 
Bargain alert!Winter Pass for 
Latest blog is out! All things Xmas
Pics from our Famous Christmas party last night
The countdown is on... our Christmas Fair is tomorrow! 
The Dog & Duck is open! 
So I’ve just turned on the Christmas light in Worksop town centre alone side a 6 year old Logan who saved his parents from a fire in his family home.. Little hero.. Merry Christmasssss 
hear, hear! 
Archway's Greatest Christmas is here and we're excited! Join us for the switch on of the Christmas lights, a festive market featuring local busniesses and lots of fun activities for kids too! (the winning name will also be announced!!!) 3rd of December 1pm-5.30pm Be there! 
O Christmas tree! Don't miss these 11 local tree lighting ceremonies throughout the region, where you can catch falling “snow,” ride in a carriage, sip hot cider and a whole lot more. Details: 
@Regranned from @katieloweceramics -  two weeks to go until the welbeck winter weekend at the @harley_gallery 
You will find us here this weekend Friday to Sunday! 
GAMA is ready for the Christmas countdown! Our chocolate advent calendars have now arrived 
It's December you Holiday lovers 
Last Christmas by George Michael and River by Joni Mitchell are the two best Christmas carols because they’re really just sad romantic songs that take place at Christmas. 
Take home the world's most powerful console with Forza 7, a second controller, and a 2 month Now TV pass for just £46 per month with GAME Finance.Play now, pay later this Christmas  
Holiday Season is coming!
Feeling festive? Today is the last day to receive 20% off our range of Personalised Christmas Decorations and more! Use the code BLACKFRIDAY17 at checkout: 
We are open for the first of six Sunday openings today come in and see us from 10am-4:30pm 
As it's Christmas NEXT MONTH I feel this is a necessity!
Bernard Bear getting ready for Christmas 
Excited for Dunollie Makes Christmas on Sunday
Want to WIN a pair of coach tickets?! Then tell us which Christmas film we should add to VUER! The choices are: The Grinch, It’s a Wonderful Life, Love Actually, Scrooged, and Trading Places. Reply with your #1, the top choice will be added to VUER! 
Looking forward to my rare week of bliss....I will be returning to the real world on Dec 7 where I will follow up any enquiries then. You can still purchase my 2018 Winners Wall Calendar on this link. Will post out on my return for 
Jingle’s 1st voluntary duty will be helping Audrey with our stand in the Board room. Pop along and have a selfie with him 
When do you put your Christmas decorations up? 
Detroit is lit with holiday spirit! 
Loved it!! A brilliant day once again.  Full of cakes, buns,beer,snakes,mice,pets,flowers,beauty,books & Christmas decorations! Please do shop local 
Pre-sale on the British Strong Style jumper is up now. Will only be available for 5 days in order to e them out for Christmas. Never reprinting 
Kick off the Holiday Season as we light our 
Thanks for all the kind words about the Christmas single, go check it out here 
Santa and his elf pay an early visit to check the preparation for the light switch on Wednesday 6th December. 
The maximalist trend that has been dominating the interiors world 
KELOWNA SHOW ANNOUNCEMENT!!!
Our SUPER popular Rose Gold V2. Premiums are on SALE right now! Be sure to check out our Black Friday Sale and stock up or buy a pair for your loved ones this Christmas! 
What a lovely idea for Christmas 
At hospital and the christmas tree is up yay its christmaaaassss 
Don't forget! Tomorrow is our Christmas quiz starting from 5:30pm and open until late, featuring festive rounds, nibbles and drinks! 
Know your worth! This Friday morning motivational message comes courtesy of the gorgeous Gemma from 
What happened when our presenters watched 
When put to the challenge, our Gr3/4 
We are now taking Christmas bookings online! 
Our first time ever 
Must try one on our next visit 
The Christmas Tree is officially lit 
Thank-you! Hope you had a lovely time 
Colin Birchall, Retail Sales & Marketing Consultant, and regular to Bromley has written an interesting article on why bricks and mortar shopping is better this Christmas. Read more here... 
It's the most wonderful time of the year...because 
Spreading holiday cheer! 
We are feeling truly Christmassy with all the wonderful winter stock in 
It’s beginning to look loads like Christmas 
Are you O+ or O-? 
Another day closer to Christmas! What’s your favourite Christmas song? (Comment below) 
 Sunderland Digital Christmas Trivia Night! Join us for festive music, mince pies and a tipple or two. Over £200 worth of prizes to be won! Wed 20 Dec at 
Can you spare 1h to help collect donations over 
Scrummy Christmas tasting today and tomorrow at our Parkgate store. Come and try! 
Tomorrow we'll launch our farm safety advent calendar
Sometimes all it takes is a little Christmas magic. 
Want to relive the magic of The Toy Show again?! 
The School Choir Competition poll deadline has been extended until Monday 4th at 3pm! Vote NOW for your favourite - see tweet at top of our profile. All 3 choirs yesterday were absolutely fantastic!
We're open from 12 today with gifts for all the family (pets included) and delicioushot chocolate in our café
Very excited to be bringing FREE 
Time to get your tacky on!
On the 1st day of Christmas UoR offered ye... the chance to live & learn in beautiful places like Svalbard (c/o 
Feeling festive? Then enter our Christmas Poetry Competition and you could WIN a brilliant book token from 
On the show tomorrow we've got our Christmas 
Thank you for everyone that came along to the Brighter Futures Christmas Fayre 
A sneak preview of a few of the things that will be for sale at our Christmas coffee morning tomorrow, 10.30 - 1.30 pm. Also will be baking, more crafts & Santa's Grotto. 
1st December, it’s that time of year again! Have you spotted our tree out at 91 Brick Lane? 
Is this on your kid's Christmas list?If not, it should be! 
The Ultimate Christmas Ball, Sat 16th December 
Tune in today at 2pm for an in-studio performance from 
 love all my Wilko Christmas ornaments 
Great show tonight, 
Are you looking for a stocking stuffer for friends & family? Our new Peanut Butter Santas are the perfect treat to spread holiday cheer. 
At my first holiday party tonight  
We were very busy last night at Waterloo Station setting up our (massive!) Christmas tree. We'll share more photos when it's all finished! 
It's the countdown to Christmas! Happy 1st December!!  
Richmond Artisan Market is open until 5pm today and we fully of Christmassy Joy as well as the best crafters and... 
Who wants to win this superb bundle in our Christmas competition? Signed 
 It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! Things are feeling rather festive in the office as we start to roll our some of the lovely displays for our clients. 
haha. this is what i love about acting! getting to play all different kinds of characters. thank you! merry christmas!
Our Aspall Shack is trimmed up at 
East Kelowna Hall’s Sunday Country Market is a must see stop leading up to the holidays! #
We've got 5 jerseys closing tonight! Be sure to place your bids on the 
Things start to get festive over at the Red Cow Moran Hotel 
This pic just needs some jingle bells 
 Get your tickets today! 
Holiday shelf do it yourself project another happy do it yourselfer! 
Your ultimate Christmas dinner guide is here 
FIND OUT WHAT YOU GOT ON DAY 2 OF OUR CHRISTMAS 
Thank you to all your entries to what we should call our office Christmas tree 
Here's a great Christmas present idea! 
We love seeing photos from your festive trip to Spinningfields. Here are a few of our favourites shared over on Instagram 
Every year I look at the IMDB rating of ‘Christmas With The Kranks’, and every year my heart falls quicker than Santa in a chimney 
Celebrate Christmas this year at the Jam House with festive food, live music and great times! 
Last chance to get tickets for my Christmas show 
The Winning CyberMonday Holiday Shopping Guide 
I know, I know, it’s not even Thanksgiving yet, but... COME ON CHRISTMAS!! 
RETWEET if you're feeling as festive as the NINE-NINE! 
Lots happening in Upper Main Street today too from 1pm .......& don’t forget the Christmas market is open from 12 at McKee clock arena 
Currently producing the various pieces of 
Free Student Parent Family Christmas Party!
Kick off the holiday season this weekend in 
I’m beginning to think some North London hipsters are keeping this tree bare on purpose. Two nights running I’ve walked past. WHERE ARE THE DECORATIONS? Please send photos of Christmas trees and decorations it’s making me sad 
It’s finally here—Happy First Preview of 
Christmas time is almost here, so we've pulled in Santa Baby to spread some Iconic cheer! Not just 1, not just 2, we have 12 festive offers to see you through! 
Ever wished you could hire a professional to decorate your Christmas tree? Now, essentially, you can. 
Thank you to all who braved the cold to help us add some Christmas cheer to Portstewart 
Who else is looking forward to our 
Our homebase holiday card! 
We are ready for the Touch FM’s Christmas Party 
Low key gonna be me this Christmas 
tanyabardoboutique have new amazing stock for Christmas 
‘tis the season! 
Come on, Mark! It's Chrissssssstmas!! 
 These Merry Cwtchmas jumpers are too cute 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Xmas! So it’s early... I don’t care! 
Get ready for gifting with the exclusive holiday Pusheen plush, only available at 
We have not one, not two, but three amazing concerts for you this holiday season! 
Join us at the BBC Good Food Show this weekend! We’ve got 2 tickets to give away. Follow & RT to win. 
London's Heart Breakfast team photo with our Christmas winners Elizabeth, Emma and Sophia! Lots of thoughtful gifts for all 
It's day 2 of my 
Find the perfect gift this Christmas! Browse our range of festive items in-store & online: 
If you're following the Snowflake Trail, don't forget to head to 
 look at our personalised bauble. Each one of of U7’s team have been given one tonight with their name and number. 
£1000 Festive Giveaway!
There's nothing like the perfect tree 
'Tis the season for new Fifth Harmony, Miley Cyrus & Demi Lovato holiday songs. 
What do we think our giant Pug is called? There’s games galore at our Xmas fair today! 
 12 Days of Christmas | Buy or claim your tickets to The Clash now, & you could be in with the chance of winning one of these fantastic prizes including a stay 
Starting to feel very festive after a lovely evening with Siucra and 
Deck the halls with our giovane cafe holiday desserts! Stop by & pre-order your holiday cake(s) today. 
We can’t wait to visit THE event of the year this weekend; magical 
If you're getting the Sunday blues! Don't worry, our 
There's still plenty of time to buy direct from the makers.
 The Holiday Issue has hit the streets! Grab your copy throughout 
Curious about how you could make Christmas bookings easier this year with 
Who's coming to Merry Knitmas?! Did you know there's gonna be a RAFFLE?! Fab prizes up for grabs, including a shoe making kit from the wonderful 
It's the 1st of December and we are feeling super Christmassy at 
Welcome to the NWL advent calendar! Meet Adele, her team talk to all our lovely customers who call, tweet & Facebook us about our water & wastewater services. They all want to wish you a very Happy Christmas!
It’s Monday which means we are...
Traders getting ready for the first day 
Dont miss out on the 35th Annual Belmont Shore Christmas 
Ok when people say... "What do you want for Christmas"And your over 30..Can I still say a Nerf Gun?? 
 Book the family in for a festive night of ice skating, Christmas Cream Tea and Santa's helpers! This December will be a magic one at 
 Step into a world of shimmering lights and festive fun with The Winter Forest in 
 It's December so we can officially get excited about Christmas 
starting your first Saturday in December with Christmas tree 
Christmas is made even more special by the foods we love! 
Happy 1st of December!Feel festive with our 24 Days of Christmas, where we're giving you the chance to 
Even more festive fun thanks to 
Poinsettia sale going on NOW! Call and place your order by Nov. 27. Proceeds benefit LRD. 
 Santa's come early! Treat yourself every day of December with the chance to 
Cold but enjoyable day at Worcester Christmas Market! 
Gingerbread break time.....now that’s our kind of festive fuel 
Looking forward to tonight’s Christmas Fayre 
Our Wellbeing Centre has turned festive! Every weekend from Sunday, the centre will be showing Christmas movies and providing festive drinks and snacks. This will run every Wednesday afternoon and Sunday evening and is open to patients and their families 
The Fitz-mas HOLIDAY POP UP SHOP is Open
It’s beginning to look like Christmas 
Stay tuned for lots of exciting things coming to 
Christmas gift sets now online! Start ticking off that list here - 
 We're spreading festive joy by giving accompanied kids (under 16s and Bus IDs) free travel every weekend between now and Christmas day! Spread the word - 
Shhhh.....A sneak peek of our pop-up Christmas Shop! 
Oh Christmas tree...oh Christmas tree! 
Looking for something to do with your little ones this weekend?Our magical Santa's Workshop is NOW OPEN! Come & stop by for the ultimate Christmas experience from 10am today & from 11am tomorrow. Tickets cost £6.95 per child 
 Make your own Christmas Cards! 
I had lots of fun helping prepare our float with these guys tonight! It is going to be awesome! 
We're ready to open the 1st door tomorrow! We'll be bringing you new RAM tips for energy efficiency, fun facts and fabulous seasonal offers to help you get ready for Christmas 
Want a preview of one of our artists performing at our Introducing Christmas event?
The Christmas decorations are going up at 
There's plenty of stocking-fillers available courtesy of 
We love this Polar sketch, 'The Alert in Winter Quarters, firm amongst the Barrier Bergs'.Dr. Edward Lawton Moss served on board the 'Alert' in the Arctic expedition of 1875-1876. He produced a series of sketches which he later published. 
Get £10 off when you spend £80 today with The Fragrance Shop! Simply use the code: TAKE10 at checkout 
CHRISTMAS POUND .. get in rockstars 
A taster of some of the wonderful Christmas present ideas available at the Brockley Artists Christmas fair, starts 12noon today. 
It's about that time...
Had fun at my school christmas fair today
Our Christmas concerts start this weekend, when we light the tree in Martin Place 
Can you avoid the 12 Frauds of Christmas?
Have you tried our new mobile point of sale? You can now sell and redeem gift vouchers – from anywhere, anytime – on your iPad and iPhone. Is your business set up for the busy holiday season? 
Don't forget to pop down to our monthly SHOP this 
It's so much fun decorating Christmas tree with your loved ones. 
Christmas Fayre tomorrow 6.00-8.00pm. Tickets on the door, adult £1, children 50p. Lots of goodies, crafts and prizes 
When the castle even decided to dress up for Dapper Day. This castle is seriously the most BEAUTIFUL thing! 
Hear "This Christmas" + 2 new bonus tracks from 
And.....touchdown! 
This is your Christmas Tree, 
The Christmas tree wasn’t the only spectacular thing to see.  The amazing turnout of Auxiliaries at the 85th annual Christmas Tree Lighting was a spectacular sight too. 
It's been much requested, and for the FIRST TIME EVER, here it is.Hark! Magic Christmas is on DAB, our app, and 
Join the us for our Christmas Charity Celebration this December to raise money for 
Kick off the festive season with our annual Christmas Craft Fayre!
Fancy learning how to make your very own personalised 
12 Days of Christmas Gift Offers is coming soon to subscribers of Brand SA News (formally Inside South Australia)! Subscribe now, it's free! >> 
Day 6 of 6 of our shoot with 
Join us for our Christmas event , this Thurs Nov 23rd, 5 to 7 pm. Seasonal treats, 10% off & enter our Xmas competition too 
Oh Christmas tree, oh Christmas tree! Celebrate the season with the perfect tree from a 
Looks like Archway is getting a Christmas tree!! 
We all want to gift special presents that'll be cherished at Christmas, don't we?
A Christmas tree. 
Ready to start the Christmas Lights Trail on my first 
 As we're now in December here's a handy link to all the fantastic Christmas events taking place across Stirling this month... 
Do you know any “mama’s to be” this Christmas?! 
Mark your calendars now - Rowdie Claus is coming to Victory Field 
Arbroath Christmas Lights Switch On  is tonight starting from around 6pm. We will be in attendance and hope everyone has an enjoyable evening. Keep all valuables safe, secure and out of sight. 
We hope you can make our Christmas Fair. 
With the Frankfurt Christmas Market now open, there’s even more reason to visit Birmingham this weekend for our 
As it's December 1st here's a sneak peek at a rather festive treat from 
Every child deserves a gift under the tree. - Can you afford to buy an extra gift for a child who might not receive one this Christmas?
 Presents: Third Thursdays! 
First Christmas dinner about to be consumed before we wave a friend off to Australia next week. Turkey and ham, I am. 
2nd day of Christmas MyArtisanMarkets gave to me....A Foil print, a candle & 2 light catchers
Win a giant Chocolate Robin !!-While you are choosing your Christmas Tree, wreath or yummy goodies from our farm shop 
Tomorrow is First Friday! There will be hot chocolate, gallery tours, holiday karoake, and much more! 
This tiny gingerbread house is totally getting us in the mood to watch 
Come see me today at Pottery Barn Kids at the Avalon!!
Zip World Advent-ure Calendar Day 3
First Christmas film of the year. As always.... The Santa Clause 
Get £5 off your Fresh Cut Christmas Tree...The Big Christmas Tree Weekend, Sat 2nd & Sun 3rd December 2017 
What a great image of an epic night in 
Eventive Funtime Christmas Fairground at 
Michael Scott getting set to say farewell to his  50’ blue spruce  Says his late wife loved Christmas 
L.A. County Tree Lighting ceremony w/ 
Oh it's feels so festive 
The countdown to the Church Street Christmas tree switch on this evening by the Lord Mayor 
ONLINE! Finishing up my Christmas decorations 
Need more Christmas Soul? Check out the holiday song I wrote for 
Ho-ho-ho Kahoot!’ers! 
It’s that time of year 
"We're like a family. We look out for each other on and off the court." Support our inspirational programmes this Christmas. Just 1 day left to have any donation, big or small, doubled in the 
It’s officially December! 
WELLS CHRISTMAS TIDE FESTIVAL ~ We can't wait for todays festivities! Come see us for Chef Eric Snaith of 
Our Hypermarket is back for a special 
Just in time for Christmas.... 
 Christmas Lights Switch On 
 | Christmas lights switch on at Royal Stoke University Hospital.
If you want to guarantee delivery of any products before Christmas, check out our deadline dates here
Just Announced! | 
Yay! :) Glad to be spreading that Christmas spirit. 
 On the 3rd day of Christmas Manchester’s Finest gives to you...
 Theresa May sat on her own next to a Xmas tree 
Christmas Specials available for your satisfaction! Munch on Sprout Bhajis, Festive Curry & Coconut & Caramelised Almond Ice Cream
It's here - enjoy up to 25% off with our seasonal 
FRIENDLY REMINDER: Tomorrow is the last day to bring a toy to any 
Thanks to everyone who braved the cold for our 
Blairtummock ladies have been very busy making Christmas wreaths
Beech class have been busy this morning ... what do you think!? 
Dress rehearsal went brilliantly, don't forget to join us at the Cabot Circus Christmas light switch on tomorrow night 
Last chance to see the Festival of
Are Christmas cards a dying tradition?  
Just a few days away from the 108th parade! Looking for some more elves to lend a helping hand 
So the first Jimmy’s open mic was a success! We had an impromptu performance from 
We’re feeling festive here at the Academy! Our 
Is your dog behind door number three? 
This Sunday Dec 3rd I'm playing this beautiful cinema 
Come down to see Emma at the Longhope Christmas Fair today. Come down to the Latchen Rooms to see Emma for all your beer needs 
Lovely shot by stealth.hq! Christmas is coming 
Join our fun and festive Jingle Bell Jog at 
 new scarves now available online and from the main office at Stark’s Park (9am - 4pm) 
Have you seen our blog on all things Christmas? If not, have a read! 
Get booking now for 'Festive Box of Delights' as 
We Have A Beautiful Collection Of Luxury Boxed Notecards From 
Just sneezed Christmas!! Afternoon well spent I'd say 
Who do you think should win JD's 
My craftsy friends who know 
Is it too early? WRONGO! 
We are officially SOLD OUT for Winter Wonderland tonight! Next week we'll be back with regular hours beginning on December 8. Thank you, Austin! 
Until 15th Dec, we join fab female empowering brands in 
Only two days away from our 
Visit Berkins Deli, located next to The Eagle at Barrow, where you will find lots of inspiration for your Christmas essentials, including a great selection of wines, store cupboard treats and beautifully selected hampers! 
Thrilled to be bringing In The Shadow of The Mountain to 
Come home from walking the dog in Battersea park to find Mr has bought a 
Who knew that a sculpture gallery built in the 19th century would so perfectly suit 21st century lighting and Christmas decorations...? 
Miller staff getting excited about Christmas! 
Now THAT'S a tree! 
Lady P preparing some chocolate Christmas Trees 
Proud to announce our Holiday Showcase startups! These Villagers have all achieved at least 7 figures in funding or ARR. Come meet them on 12/6! 
DECEMBER is here and that means one thing.. 
Only 25 sleeps left till CHRISTMAS! 
Manchester, we’re ready for you!! 
who's excited for christmas (and hot cocoa, candy canes, snow, skating, hoodies, gingerbread, cozy fires, and cuddles)??? ME!!! 
Thank you to the Parent Council for organising a great Christmas Fair 
Christmas at Colombia Road has begun! 
Have you heard about our Christmas Market? Taking place Dec. 1st & 2nd shop from 70+ LOCAL Carp Market vendors at the Carp Fairgrounds! 
No-one ever really needs a reason to enter the glorious world of 
Come to our Christmas open day from 10am, Saturday 2nd Dec! 
Our water bottles are in the holiday spirit. 
KPMG Christmas Lunch at Patch St. Paul’s 
Festive Family Fun - Visit The Annual Doonbeg Christmas Market This Year For a Real Treat 
 In the build-up to Christmas we're looking back at one key 
Those Christmas feels are creeping in this weekend over at 
Omg one trip to B&M for Xmas lights has got me so excited for Christmas 
Ready, set, BAKE! Don't miss today's Christmas baking special featuring traditional favourites and new creations from Mary Berry, Nigella Lawson, Yotam Ottolenghi, Indy Power, Donal Skehan and cover star Simon Delaney 
Gift Card Battle Rd. 4
Six-year-old Charlie chosen as the face of National Elf Service fundraising campaign for KYF Client 
Get ready for a rockin' holiday season with a new episode of 
Wow! Best Christmas show in town is now a top deal too! I know I'm biased but I promise you won't regret snagging a last-minute ticket! ♫
Our daughter at Christmas 2016. 
Here's a sneak preview of the 2018 NPAS Calendar! Be in with the chance of winning one by answering our daily question from 1-12 December (inc.)* First question will go live at 8am tomorrow, don't miss out! *T&Cs apply: 
We know it's early, but we couldn't resist setting up our 
Retweet and follow to win all these sweets (bowl not included) . Happy 1st December 
There's only 41 days left until Christmas! Get into the spirit early and party with us 
Words fail me! The Ringo Starr of the glockenspiel on the far left there... 
Christmas tree cupcakes for our Christmas experience 
It’s time for today’s gift of the day. This little gem is from 
 The Ghost of a Christmas without Tapa Bread. Please call us or order your bread in store before December 20th.... 
Real Christmas tears. 
Yet to book your Christmas Night Out? We still have limited availability... 
Deep breath...FINAL rehearsal for 
New window display somewhere on our home island of Guernsey (bonus points for anyone who can guess where...) Did you know you can now buy 
It’s finally that time of year again. 
Dignity packs under the tree in Beverley Office, because it doesn't take much to make someones Christmas. Just dignity and respect.  
Together from the Princes Trust and South Shore Fire Station having a charity car wash, monies raised went to buy Christmas presents for our patients 
It's official - our tree is now up at the Old College quadrangle and the festive season is here at 
Just a few more weeks till Christmas holidays and you can lie in till the turkey's ready 
Buy tickets to ride the Bright Nights Train or view the displays at the Train Plaza 
Ho ho ho! Plenty more to add and build up, but the foundations of our Christmas booze window are in place! 
Why go organic this Christmas? Guy Watson from 
Fancy a little mystery in your stocking this Christmas? We've got you Mince Spies sorted
‘Tis the season to be jolly! We‘re ready for Deck the Halls round two
We are DELIGHTED to introduce Dr.Coy's Festive Friends!!!! 
The Winning CyberMonday Holiday Shopping Guide: Follow this formula & save on holiday shopping. 
Thank you to everyone who came to hear us play 
So excited to put the Christmas tree up this afternoon, our first Christmas in our house 
Introducing our Christmas issue!
Only a month to go and tomorrow we will be 
Live entertainment, vendor booths, children's activities, ice skating and more! All starting at 4 p.m. on Friday, November 24! Join us at Metro Hall as 
It's beginning to look a lot like.. 
We’re so excited to share that we will be performing with 
Only a few hours left to enjoy our 
"It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas" 
TONITE: Leisure Kings at 
Support Born Free’s ‘least loved’ animals this Christmas 
34 days until Christmas!
It’s that time of year again!
Personalise your frames this festive season exclusively at 
Fancy a festive singalong? Join 
Wheely buzz around the city this afternoon with the launch of 
HAPPY CHRISTMAS BABIES! 
After you're done watching, go stream/download 'Everyday Is Christmas'
Can't wait to see you guys tomorrow. Also CHRISTMAS 
It’s beginning to look a lot like CHRISTMAS at 
Butter tarts in mah belly and this magic on my TV. Getting my Christmas on! 
Today has been INCREDIBLE - thank you so much if you came to our gorgeous little Christmas market.. Launceston we love you 
Just a few hours until tonight's 
A reminder that you can achieve a 15% on Bath Tour tickets with code "market15" for the duration of the 
Me and Tucker out checking out the light. He loves Christmas 
Hitting the shelves at the tap room this Friday...The Pfeffernusse Saison. 
The Night that Autumn Turned to Winter begins Thu 14 Dec & runs until 
Ya'll.. it's really December 
Hosting holiday parties, filling stockings, dressing to impress, and more—it's all on your mind come December 1st! Take a minute to read these tips and start prepping for the holidays this weekend 
The best to spread holiday cheer is to get your 
Tomorrow is Dec 1st. Time to crack out the Christmas Movie advent calendar 
Don’t miss Osborne’s Victorian Xmas this weekend. Plus many other festive events this Dec 
We can’t wait for EDWARD SCISSORHANDS Nov 19 and then we have a great big X-MAS movie announcement! 
I think I need a mince pie 
SECRET CHRISTMAS SURPRISE: 
I am collecting Advent calendars to take to Noah's Ark hospital~ if you would like to donate an Advent calendar, please give to Miss Janik. All calendars will be given to children who are in hospital poorly during Advent. Diolch yn fawr
Intercasino's Christmas celebrations start tonight!
Fantastic evening raising awareness of 
Help us reach our goal of building 37 
TONIGHT! Don’t miss out - 5pm to 8pm 
Well it's time to start thinking about our Christmas edition!
New issue alert! 
Christmas Party season has arrived! 
This evening is our first Late Night Shopping event. Locally-made, handcrafted gifts will be available from Middleport Studios , 
We love this cute Christmas Card idea! 
It's beginning to feel a bit like 
Don’t miss the festive fun this Friday 
Our teammate Deborah doesn't need a 
London before snow: "we shall not flinch in this fight against fascism"London after snow: "OMG SNOW 
Join us tomorrow on Saturday 18 November at 4pm as we switch on our Christmas tree! 
Only 2 hours until our Light Switch On outside Fulton House and the School of Management 
Making moments like this cosy & hygge at Christmas 
It's December tomorrow so you know what that means...It's a festive themed Picture of the Week winner for us today! 
Chipmas hoodies available to order from 7pm tomorrow! 
It's that time of year & we've got you covered! Mulled Wine & Cider is now available @ BOXBAR ! 
Christmas Yum! Hot Chocolate with Cream and Chocolate Sprinkles, lovely start to a frosty morning! Don’t worry, Mr Gingerbread Man has another two friends, go all out and treat yourself...‘Make it a Centrestage Christmas’*pack of three gingerbread men, 60p (go on)
Ho! Ho! Ho! It's Christmas 
Did you know the Christmas Tree that stands outside parliament is always from Kielder Forest? Look how beautiful it is! Spreading Christmas cheer all the way from Northumberland 
It’s like all of my Christmases have come early!!Looking forward to trying the new 
We’re almost ready for our 
Our RASA Christmas tree is up! 
Don't forget to follow us on Facebook to catch an extra special live stream behind the scenes of our 
 HELLO, DECEMBER! 
It’s getting busy at 
Happy Holidays, Houston! 
Where’s the best place to donate Christmas presents to for children in need in 
Massey Hall...We're ready for ya! 
Christmas has arrived at The Top Oak 
What a busy week P5 have had! We made our very own Kindness Calendar and we are looking forward to our Christmas Fayre tomorrow 
Closing date for our Junior Christmas decoration competition is Saturday 25th Nov :) here are some of the fabulous entries received so far! 
A Merry ‘Morrisons’ Christmas 
It is now acceptable to play as many Christmas songs as you like! 
 "It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas...!" We're getting all Christmassy 
Photographing our Christmas gifts today! Don’t forget to check out the full range on our website...NOW! 
The Do's and Dont's of 
Got old TMNT toys? Make mutated holiday garland! 
More Xmas trees are on the way!
I'm pretty excited that to be playing for this 
The wait is over, 12 Days of Xmas Giveaways start today, we are giving away a box of 20 ALL STAR TILES. Check back at 12pm for more info
It's the 1st of December and we have a special treat for you - the Library Services Advent Calendar! 
What have you bought or are you planning to buy on this Cyber Monday??? I’m beginning to stress about Christmas
"Blast this Christmas music. It's joyful and triumphant!" 
‘Now at last they were beginning chapter one of the Great Story no one on earth has ever read which goes on forever: in which every chapter is better than the one before’ C.S. Lewis. Join us throughout December for 
'Tis the season, Delray Beach
Can't wait for this tomorrow! 
Join us for festive pizza and crackers! Every Friday and Saturday from the start of December till the 23rd we will be getting into the Christmas spirit with our very tasty turkey pizza 
December is here! Let the holiday festivities commence 
The trash to treasure team are on the hunt for unwanted bits and bobs which could be brought back to life. Eg. Unwanted xmas baubles, ribbon, glassware, costume jewellery or anything else! Drop in to me or 
Not long to go... we'll be releasing info on all the super food&drink offerings this week
Rise and shine.. IT'S CHRISTMAS!! 
If you missed the lighting of the state Christmas Tree 
We’re having a Holiday Blowout Sale!! Use code "HOHOHAUTE" And get 50% off your entire order!!
Fab craft fair, food & music today 
This BC blogger’s vintage-style holiday home is a DIYer’s dream 
Only 4 weeks and a few days till Christmas! 
Delighted to welcome our hardworking Minister for State at the Department of Transport, Tourism & Sport Brendan Griffin 
It’s a late one tonight but do stay with us, if only to see Piers Morgan trying to switch on the lights in Stockbridge! 11.04 
Get a swatch at Christmas TIME! 
What an awesome evening! Thank you to 
 Join us for Festive Sunday Lunch throughout December in the Riverview Brasserie bookings now being taken on 0371 911 1555 
Why big brands need to invest in sponsored video campaigns with influential partners and publishers - and not just upload their Christmas TV ads online 
Y5 have a Christmas themed game ready for you to play at our Christmas fayre. See you at 1pm
TONIGHT! Catch us on the 
MERRY CHRISTMAS to everyone. Thank you for ur continued support & commitment! From all of the coaches & committee,  have a wonderful day.
What a fun Christmas offer from 
Day 2 leads to Fraser’s Ridge 
All we want for Christmas is our kick-ass Bella family! 
Had a beautiful day today in Ohio picking out our Christmas tree with 
Make sure to follow along as 
Start your Christmas shopping nice and early with a truly unique gift courtesy of 
12 ideas for vegan-friendly Christmas gifts. 
Flocks checked. Ponies fed. Sheepdogs walked. Porridge and hot tea. Final preps for the Christmas fair. 
Scunthorpe has a festive weekend in store for you this weekend....Saturday sees the Christmas Lights Switch on event with 
Pawesome day today! Thank you Burtonwood Community Centre 
Christmas preparations well under way 
Get into the store and discover the promotion 
Who is having the best gift for Christmas this year? 
We’re getting ready for 
Lots of fun here at the Matthews Tree Lighting Celebration! 
Looking for something to do next Saturday? Kick off the Festive Season & come along to Loanhead Primary School Christmas Fair
Fabulous festive read here from the superb 
Early bird discount tickets still available for the 
'Tis the season......
Not sure what Retro Radio Christmas Review is about? 
Cafe library have your christmas lunch cooking away, dont miss out! 
The annual Christmas tree is up in London's Trafalgar Square 
Christmas has come to Freepik! 
One of my favourite childhood memories! Santa at the firehall 
We shall be opening this Sunday and every Sunday to Ssshhhh..............Christmas
It's Christmas.... 
1 week to go ...still a great opportunity ...let everyone know. Take advantage and hand the firearm in. Spend Christmas 
About 48 hours away from the Hillsborough Holiday Parade! 
Make sure you’re following my Instagram (
It's been a magical few days here at Alder Hey. Thanks to EVERYONE that made it happen and helped us kick off christmas in style 
It’s the most wonderful time of the year! Winter Wonderland is this Friday from 9-11PM in the Mary Dooley College Center. 
Enter the festive season and discover Clarins Festive Jewels. 
| You can still celebrate 
Our salons are closed today however you can plan your week ahead by booking your Hair and Beauty appointments on line 
I loved being a part of this! 
The sun may be going down earlier, but it's certainly not dark in 
The real Christmas tree is here! 
Keep signing up for this weekend's 'Choose a Tree' event - spaces are going quickly! Great way to get festive and keep the fam entertained!
PICTURES: Whitby Christmas Market 
Give the perfect gift this Christmas! 
We wonder what festive treat the 
Phew! Relief, 60 desserts done! 
Thank you and good luck for tonight! 
If you have any Christmas videos you really want to see in December, please TWEET THEM 
This is our kind of advent! 
Check out our Christmas Opening Hours... 
Ho! Ho! Ho-ld on, Trotter...tell me you aren't flogging hooky goods at my Festive Evening! Today: Christmas chuckles with 
When DECEMBER hits and you just can't wait til 
Santa’s little helpers have been busy all afternoon in Market Square 
Embracing the season of giving, Ulster Rugby has launched a Christmas Present Appeal in aid of Include Youth & you can get involved! 
Our festive set menu is coming soon, from the 1st December we'll have a divine selection of dishes available to get you into the festive spirit.  (3 courses for £27 until the 22nd December) 
We are in Stall 29, St Mary's Market this week, selling our Christmas Enterprise products. Come and say hello and grab a bargain Christmas present 
SOLD OUT PERFORMANCES ATELKS THEATRE, PRESCOTT ANDVACAVILLE PERFORMING ARTS THEATRE!
 Day2: Can’t wait for our sell-out Handel Messiah tonight at 
I'm so excited to announce the brand new Oli White Christmas Merchandise
Enjoy 3 fun-packed days of festive shopping all under one roof at the Christmas 
'S e a' chiad latha den Dùbhlachd a th' ann an-diugh 
Starting to get into the festive spirit 
Very festive Exeter Christmas Market- 
"A new arrival... just in time for Christmas." 
Our team is getting ready to deck the halls for this holiday season! 
Thank you to all exhibitors & visitors for making Living Crafts for Christmas at 
Decorate your tree for less than £20 with 
My book review column in 
It's December, which not only means it's Christmas this month but also our next event - the Christmas Stages Rally
We think Wednesday's should be about spending a little bit of time investing in you're own wellbeing. Why not visit us today for the perfect 
Merry Christmas everyone. Wishing you all joy and happiness 
Snow is falling. Bring 4x4’s 
Give the gift of experience this Christmas with our Track Taster Gift Voucher available now! 
Join us for our wonderful Wreath Making session with 
 & my song, "First Thing On My Christmas List" will be featured in "Second Chance Christmas" on 
 Pay for 1 hour on-street parking in 
Santa visits The Candle Tree today 
 The Man Who Invented Christmas, the story of how Dickens wrote A Christmas Carol in only six… 
We are very excited for the Christmas entertainment here in Letchworth tomorrow! 
We’re less than a week away from 
Reeve & I now have four books out, plus a brand-new activity book to keep kids busy on Christmas and Boxing Day! 
HEY! I'M ALIVE!tomorrow is day one of VLOGMAS 
Super Cool Christmas O'nnoucement Coming Your Way!
4,000+ of you voted to find the UK’s most popular Christmas market. Congrats to Lincoln Christmas Market 
Big love to those darling Jarmans 
Only three more days until we do our Christmas Tree giveaway draw! You godda be in it to win it!! 
Make it a Dec to remember. Book your winter escape or your flights home for Christmas with 
It’s officially Nutcracker season! 
We had the most amazing day today visiting @noahsarkzoobristol to experience the wonderful Christmassy things they have to offer. 
Everyone's favourite sleuthing Father is back for Christmas 
 Happy 1st December! 
Get in the Christmas spirit before  term ends! 
Who would you vote for? 
May the force be with you...... 
We’ve had an absolutely amazing Christmas fayre tonight! Thank you so much to everyone who came and supported us and special thanks to all the wonderful 
 POLL TIME! Is it too early to be putting up the Christmas tree? 
TICKET ALERT!There’s little space left for the Christmas gig at 
Do you want to learn to knit AND give to a good cause this Christmas? Come to our mass knit-a-thon at 
Christmas countdown is on! Join us for our festive 
We are feeling very festive here at the WLAHS after last weeks fantastic outing to Squire’s Garden Centre. 
31 DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS. 
Dreaming of a VR Christmas: 
 Our wonderful team officers cadets together in company with the main man himself and his elf 
Some spontaneous caroling is taking place at this holiday party 
With only a month to go before Santa sets off with his reindeers Derry~Londonderry has a festive weekend in store with a Festive Fair in 
All set up and ready to go at 
3rd day of the 12 Days of Close House - win a lesson with our PGA professionals 
Here we go again! Christmas Hamper Bingo session 2 about to begin! So grateful for all your wonderful donations
The lights are on! Happy Holidays from the Vista Guild! 
It’s nearly that time of year again - here’s a physics advent calendar 
Looking for new holiday recipes to add to your table this Christmas season? Head over to the blog to learn about the holiday cooking classes we have on park 
Don't forget we are open on Sunday for all your Christmas Bookish needs! 11am-4pm 
Christmas is all about giving as well as receiving! 
Our branches have been bringing festive cheer this week, with our Kilcot branch helping to light up 
We're getting ready to start the festive season 
Join JCC as he records two special Christmas editions of his Radio 4 series 'Dr John Cooper Clarke at the BBC'. Live at BBC's Radio Theatre in London 
Remember to come along to our Brass Band concert tonight! We're playing lots of Christmas tunes and there's going to be lots of festive treats
Here it is! The first present in our 
This Friday - The Start of December  
Just a week til our Christmas Hacks event at 
6 ways to stay safe this 
Out on a school night (sort of) with the 
For the 4th consecutive year, Team Famous was proud to take part in The 
THE COUNTDOWN TO CHRISTMAS STARTS TOMORROW! 
Who'd like to be baking some festive goodies in their ABI? 
Happy 1st of December everyone! We've made our own biology themed 
It's a student/teacher/staff cast TONIGHT, Dec. 2 at 7 PM as they perform A Christmas Carol
TONIGHT!!! From 4 pm today, our stores are hosting a festive 15% OFF everything shopping event. Everything, including our real trees 
We are kicking off December with 2 giveaway!
As we officially hit the festive period our Christmas Shop is Back! And chock-full with more organic treats, gifts & xmas essentials than ever before 
It's less than month until Christmas!
It's McCleary the work elf! He loves bringing  festive joy 
Surprising someone with the experience of a lifetime this holiday season? Download this EDC Las Vegas gift tag, personalize it, and print it out for a special delivery. 
Voucher sales are going well at 
Happy 1st of December to all of our Westminster Business School students and staff! 
CHRISTMAS TREE DECORATION HAUL 
Wow! Our biggest Carols Around the Tree Event ever! Thank you to everyone who joined us to hear the wonderful 
Waving santas, snowmen, reindeers and sleds! 
We are so excited to a present this...A [thread] of women of colour/minority-owned businesses that you can support this festive season, by giving their products as gifts! 
Come and join our Christmas Bazaar and Wellbeing day at Richmond House Holistic Rooms on 9th December 
Christmas is coming to SEEL STREET
Not to be missed ... the Banstead Christmas Community Event - Thursday 30 November, 5pm to 8pm 
KC! Make sure you get out 12/1&2 for 
The list of Christmas Markets in Warsaw 
Wimborne and Ferndown NPT patrolling the East Street Party in Wimborne, whilst getting into the festive spirit! 
FLEMINGATE CHRISTMAS LIGHTS SWITCH-ON! This Thursday. 
The festive season is officially upon us and what better way to celebrate than at the panto 
We have a busy day ahead of us putting the Christmas Trees up in the castle! Cracking some Christmas tunes on and getting in the festive spirit. 
Thanks for brewing up some fun at our place! 
It’s all happening today
 For each item sold from our Ugly Sweater collection from 11/10-12/24 2017, we will donate $1 to 
Looking for Christmas drinks ideas? 
Speke Hall (inspiration for the Old Lodge) is looking festive 
And we are ready for the Chiswick Christmas 
Let’s do this people! 
 12 Days of Christmas | Buy your tickets to The Clash before midnight tonight & you could win this prize from 
Oh Christmas tree! Oh Christmas tree! Will be arriving SOON at patricias floral fair, 93 Bank street, Rawtenstall, bb4 7qnWe will have a beautiful selection, come and pick your own, we can deliver for you too! Tel 01706 213054 
 why not come and join in the commotion LIVE on stage this Xmas! 
It’s back !!!!Our Christmas hampers are available to order NOW 
Happy 1st December all! To celebrate the start of the festive season we've got a Christmas giveaway launching later today on the blog! Stay tuned
Festive Quiz underway!! Good luck to everyone!! 
From around the 16th when I can be arsed to get the decs down from the loft 
Wear the pride, share the pride this holiday season. Shop new arrivals and Fall Clearance at 
Love Christmas shopping almost as much as the big day with Etsy Made Local. Full info: 
Check your emails for our December Newsletter! Not there? Then visit 
The First 300 Nowells
Happy Advent Eve everyone! 
We are getting ahead and prepping for the festive season with some help from our Food Editor and Development Chef. At 1pm tomorrow we are running a Q/A live on Twitter with Emma and Laoise. Vote below on what you need help with this Christmas 
1st Day of Christmas w/ 
It's almost that time of year again! 
Such a fabulous day at the Christmas Ladies Day for 
had a little trouble getting the video up over seas but here is the first video of Vlogmas!! New video every other day till christmas 
The Coke Christmas Truck is at the Jezzine Barracks in Townsville today from 3-5pm. Come down to take a pic & grab a free Coke No Sugar!
 Smugglers Records Xmas Shindig – Cocos Lovers 
Today we went to get our Christmas Tree! 
Wonderful pic in today's #/
TGI(Black)F – Head to the boutique or 
Can't wait to kick off the holidays tonight with a festive performance by 
Brendan Bjorn, Declan and I will be featured on Day 3 of this RTE Advent spotlight for their Christmas special which is on December 10th when our segment will be shown in full. Stay Tuned! And each day should be interesting! Here is Day 1 
Today is the day wonderful people and we are looking forward to young and the young at heart joining us! 
December 1st got me like... 
Table top sale Edgmond village hall this Saturday morning 9.30-12.30 free entry Lots of stalls turkey Baps mince pies bacon Baps tea cakes coffee join us for breakfast- lots of goodies to take home 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas...with love from the Friday late team 
My TA brought three dozen bagels to class today and has played 
The Christmas countdown has begun! 
I'm on pines and needles 
This is it!!!!!! Are you ready to sing along with us Kilmarnock? 
You all made it feel like Christmas at The Grove last week! 
The ULTIMATE GUIDE TO HOLIDAY SHOWS IN HALIFAX: 
Check out our Christmas Shopping Day event schedule
It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas!
 We hope to see as many of our friends, followers and customers as possible this December! Enjoy the festive season! 
RT if you're super excited for Christmas! 
Happy December! Follow our 
Gift Ideas For Datchound Lovers 
Chuffed to bits that my 'Tomorrow shall be' is inc on 
Join the festive fun on Quacktopia!We will be having more little Christmas parties on Quacktopia radio & gatherings in the hub :) 
The tree is lit!!! Wishing everyone a warm and happy holiday!
Thanks, lovely! C : ) xx 
 Caprice The Essex Wind Orchestra are hosting their Christmas Nowell Concert this Saturday. With traditional carols, medleys and new arrangements of favourite Christmas music 
Happy 1st of December you lot!
Under 4 weeks to go until the big day ! Have you written your Christmas cards yet? 
Have you seen today’s video? Find out the story behind the upcoming green wrap for my 
Shop my sisters Holiday Gift Guide! She worked so hard on this and there are so many good ideas!
We've got loads on offer at 
We'll be at Kings Cross THIS SATURDAY for 
Merry christmas to everyone.. Enjoy your families and beloved ones.
We've had such an incredible reaction to our Christmas campaign so far. Want to get involved? Here's how you can: 
It's the season for giving! Our annual Giving Tree enables Stamford employees to grant holiday wishes to children of families served by 
 let’s get all your holiday shopping done in one stop! Come visit us 
Christmas has come to the Intermusica office, courtesy of 
On the 1st day of Trymas, the Try Guys gave to me...
More photos from a delicious lunch, thanks to all the canteen staff for all their hard work 
NIX NATION! Do you have plans on the 8th Dec?! If not come down to this fantastic event raising money for a worthy cause. We will be there to support our sponsor 
Need stocking stuffer ideas? Our holiday cocktail gummies make the perfect (and tasty) gift 
 Wednesday get ready for Christmas 
There's no better way to celebrate 
Having a team talk before starting Christmas tree madness for the day!! 
NEW Christmas Cocktails incoming. (Sneak peek 
 Holiday attire needed for decorating! 
Scenes from today’s 14th-annual 
Found it !! : The perfect gift solution for the 
Join us tomorrow for Algonquin’s 6th annual Tree Lighting Celebration! The event will begin at 4:00 p.m. in Student Commons. Brought to you in partnership with 
What a jaysus gorgeous Christmas treat from 
You get to sing too!!! Come and celebrate Christmas 
 Diana C25s brilliant new housekeeper is behind today’s advent door! Enjoy the chocolates! 
EXCITMENT LEVEL 1 MILLION!! My 
Our 2017 holiday sweater is available now through December 10! Free domestic shipping, and flat rate international shipping on all orders from 
Only a few weeks away to our 2017 Nutcracker! Get your tickets today 
Did someone say CHRISTMAS? 
Don't forget we have the Christmas 
Our first week of Christmas Double features starts tonight! 
**CHRISTMAS BOOKINGS**Don’t forget to book with us for before the 29th November. Secure those seats & have a fantastic 
The Christmas trees sales starts in just over 1 hour don't forget its not just today, it's tomorrow and the next few weekends too.
Lantern Parade well underway! Great turn out at joint community event in 
What an excellent birthday! And look what I’ve got for my 
Public service announcement in the wee man's room, just in case our six (six!!) advent calendars let us down... 
We’ve still got some dates free in December for our Magnum Room.Seating up to 11 guests to enjoy our festive menu! 
We hope you enjoy all of our holiday cheer throughout the airport 
 Kids travel free this weekend! Every weekend between now and Christmas up to accompanied kids (under 16s and Bus ID holders) travel free on all our services - 
I keep nearly crying with excitement for Christmas!!! Can’t wait to spend it with my gorgeous two 
Our data driven conservation strategies are behind the third door on our Biosi Advent Calendar 
More than Just The Cat came back to 
Release your inner 'elf' this 
Ready for another clue? Here it is! 
How many Christmas Events can one 
A beautiful end to a beautiful day. 
Well done to our junior choirs for a gorgeous concert last night 
It's Christmas social time! And we can't wait! 
Make sure you keep the 5th December free for the 
We have a treat for all those on the naughty list this year
The WLV Christmas tree is up!
Snap a selfie with our elfie to win* two free 
Check out the fun! The 12 Days of Christmas: Epic IP Themes 
New macaroons for the afternoon tea menu, speculoos and spiced orange 
It's nearly that time again! 
It’s back!!!!! This years Santa versus Elves game is taking place on Weds Dec 13th at Archers Arena. Who will win the Christmas treats this year?? 
*CASH GIVEAWAY ALERT* Yes that's right in tomorrow's 
Bookings are flowing in, don't miss out by not securing your table in time! Contact Browns.kingston@mbplc.com for more info 
SNAPPED UP MARKET TODAY FOLKS! 
Potential good news for all and early Christmas
How are you feeling as we head into the holiday season? Excited... ready for family time, the hustle bustle, shopping, parities, treats, drinks and more? 
A fun filled morning with craft , party games and party food 
Retweet if you deserve to go! 
We went to this last night, it was absolutely stunning and a real Christmas treat! If you can go, you really should 
 Hi guys is it cold in Birr ?its very cold in Dublin 
Boycott online Christmas shopping this year and 
December is just around the corner everyone! Have you heard about the Trunki Christmas Countdown? 
Happy December 1st Christmas Countdown 
Nashville’s Christmas Tree Lighting 
Red, Green & ready to go!
Last few days to get in your Christmas Inventions! Calling 5-11 year olds, send us a drawing or video of your idea for the chance to have your invention built on YouTube!
Christmas has officially arrived to Surrey Hills Park!! 
Here are another FABULOUS group of students off to rehearse for the Christmas Season 
Another way to get into the Holiday spirit is by listening to 
Lots of festive activities happening in Dundee this weekend. We can’t wait!! 
Just a few of our stalls helping raise funds for 
Dave is admiring his handy work on our main Christmas tree 
No snow today, but we're still feeling festive! 
"What a fine day!" to be starting 
Christmas Toy AppealBring your good quality, second hand toys to any R:evolve store before Thursday 23rd Nov and we will deliver them to 
Head down to Spinningfields today for a Sunday stroll through the christmassy 
“Tis the season” 
Queen snapped just in time for Christmas 
Got the perfect decoration for the top of my tree 
Fans, pick up your free UNO ugly sweater shirts across from the Sunken Saloon 
Christmas trees are back this year at Hoots. Open for business 12-7 daily, come get 'em while they're hot! 
Happy 1st of December, babes! The countdown is ON 
It's beginning to look at lot like Christmas! 
 GET SOME CHRISTMAS IN YOUR MOUTH HOLE!! We are NOW taking bookings, for our PROPER NORTHERN CHRISTMAS menu on 020 7249 7455 / bookings@jaguarshoes.com / two courses £25 / three courses £29  
The Junior Lions Christmas Party is just weeks away!
Rossett Acre's Christmas Fair will be held this Saturday 2nd December from 2-4pm.  There will be lots of stalls, games and a chance to see the big man himself!  Entrance 50p. 
The 12 Hotels of Christmas - Where Can You Stay This Festive Season? Some of these amazing Christmas packages may still be available 
With only 38 sleeps left until Christmas, make sure you've got your festive cards sorted and help us defeat dementia while you're at it 
10.4 million views within 24 hours of its launch, 
’s down it’s a full house for Xmas Hamper Bingo session 1
No live tweets/updates from either game tonight as the Chief Tweeter will be at a 
We think you're really going to like the next couple of episodes we have lined up! Including a Christmas special! 
It’s my favorite time of the year!
December is finally upon us, which means... it's time to get festive! 
This Christmas, why not gift someone a Scottish Wildlife Trust membership? Magazines, free access to our visitor centres, and a free gift if you sign up in our visitor centre! 
Really love making these pom-pom decorations 
1 of 3 NEW beers for Christmas 
Wow, what an amazing time we had for our 1 weekend only / exclusive 'Choose a Tree' event! We've loved looking at your pictures and hope you had a great time. We'll be open from Sat 25th Nov, where you can browse our lovely freshly cut trees outside the Log Cabin at the farm 
Yellow Arch Christmas Beer Festival.
Get ready for Christmas!
Special festive event in store at 
It's that time of year, right?
Getting ready for tomorrow’s Christmas Card Workshop 
We still have post left for our Wreath Making Workshop.  Join us either December 2 or 3 
Wrote a Christmas song. It’s pretty darn cheery. Expect it soon 
It's feeling a lot like Christmas!!! A very very very small batch of Christmas Gin! Sold Out… 
Thinking of celebrating Christmas with colleagues and friends whilst also holding a conference? 
 everyone! We've been so excited to share our Christmas literary event selection with you, and our festive blog is now LIVE! 
Before I say farewell to 2017, I’ll be putting out some very limited threads, just in time for the 
It would be great if all our avid supporters will make a donation to their food bank this Christmas 
Thanks very much, glad you approve we’re really pleased with them and it’s certainly got us all in the festive spirit already! 
It’s officially Christmastime! 
ESB is delighted to partner with the Merrion Square Innovation Group to bring the Christmas Lights to Merrion Square once again this year! 
In on an early today as Court this afternoon. First stop in 
ITS DECEMBER!My 
What a great list - especially for inclusion of brilliant 
It’s Christmas time in 
Never too old for an advent calendar! 
C H R I S T M A S // Simply RT and like this tweet to be entered into the chance to win £300 worth of vouchers. Winner announced Christmas Day 
Our first limited edition Kansas City Whiskey holiday label, inspired by the artwork of a 1911 J. Rieger & Co. ad, arrives November 1 
Good evening, San Francisco. 
Today's alum Christmas 
The halls are decked, and we are ready for the holiday season! 
"Them Christmas drink feels, love this time of year... 
The exclusion zone set up around Derby's Christmas tree has been removed 
This time next week our friends at  
We're counting down the days until Christmas 
I personally love Holiday makeup more than anything! Nothing beats a Holiday glam!!!
WE TRIPLE DOG DARE YOU to join us for the ultimate holiday favourite - ‘A Christmas Story’December 1st, 2017Doors at 7pm + film at 8pmONLY $5 + a non-perishable food bank donationJoin us for games, eats, beers, trivia & a whole lot of Christmas!
It’s December which means it’s officially the countdown to Christmas! 
It’s looking a lot like Christmas in the Benitez-DiDario household!
REMEMBER...You can get an extra £10 OFF your order when you spend £60 or more with us this Christmas! Just Use The Code --> CHRISTMAS 
It's definitely the 1st December!
 >> 7 Days until our 
Lovely festive evening tonight MDing 
Could anyone spare an hour to sell some Christmas trees on Saturday? Please let us know! Thanks 
 Our Gingerbread cake is Christmas in a doughnut; gingerbread dough and crumble, cranberry compote, clementine glaze & candied clementine. 
There's a new Christmas carol by 
Oh (ginger) snap!! 
as we´re talking Christmas tonight, take a second & vote? 
Treat yourself or a friend this Xmas? We've stocked up on all the home brewing equipment you could want! 
Get Christmas sorted, visit 
Primary 1 are working hard to develop their ICT skills during PBL. Lots of decorations being created for our Christmas tree. 
The Harlow is perfect for Holiday parties!
 Let's get crafty this Christmas 
 bring The Tin Soldier, Hans Christian Andersen’s first ever children’s story, to the Studio this December - The perfect Christmas outing for families 
Come join us today for the Kendal Xmas Light switch on 11-3pm 
With about a month to go, here's my brief seasonal gift guide for the budding astronomer
Love this - these 5 European breaks will give you that festive feeling for sure! 
Bables bendy season begins 
How cute is this? It was in my goody bag from tonight’s 
It's the 1st day of December and we are so excited for our 
Christmas OPEN STUDIO day! Saturday 2nd December. Lots of Christmas decorations and mulled… 
It really feels like Christmas 
Preparations for the school Christmas Carol Service on Monday, 18th December are well underway. Members of the school choir are meeting every Thursday (3-4pm) to rehearse. The Service is taking place on Monday, 18th December at 7.00pm in Nolton Church. Everyone Welcome
It's official... the Cutty Sark 
Our inclusive singing and signing choir are rehearsing with 
Gary waves as the Marron Singers get ready for the annual Christmas Concert in the 
It’s December 1st & Team AHQ  are suited, booted & celebrating Christmas 
We’re here at Carowinds Winferfest! If you bring a toy to benefit Ace & Tj’s Breaking and Entering Christmas 2017, you’ll receive $7 off park admission! 
Fab night at the wreath making masterclass tonight thank you  
Jurys Inn London Croydon Christmas parties are now well underway! The team are certainly in the spirit of things 
Don’t forget to get your tickets to our carol service in Cambridge this Thursday 
We’re counting down to Xmas with a 
IIIIIIT’S CHRISTMAAAAAAAASS 
Ahhh thank you m'love it was made in a magical place! 
I'm sitting in a bar on my own with my headphones in listening to Christmas music.  No one knows!  
Event Alert! Sign up for the first Active Newcastle Christmas Virtual Event. Have fun, where you want, when you want
We are now taking orders for our Turkeys and Cockerels 
How our stall is going to look for the next six weeks 
Someone’s found number 1 
Great! Thank you! 
When you realise there's only FIVE WEEKS until 
Christmas print sale up on my website!! Shop now in time for the big day
Our exciting new outdoor show Midwinter Magic (13-17 Dec) is fast approaching 
Two families under one roof for the holidays - what could go wrong? 
What a lovely day recording carols for 
Join us this Sunday for our annual holiday concert, Sounds of the Season! Over 300 UF performers will be playing your favorites all night. 
Love them! Great idea 
"Can you believe that 4 weeks today it will be Christmas Eve! 
Having handed over his Doctor Who duties, 
Gorgeous new range of aperitifs for Xmas 
I am HEREEE! Are you?! 
Step by step Christmas hair!! 
Very impressed with the custom baubles on the 
One week countdown to a real Christmas Treat with brilliant 
Let’s make 2017 Kenilworth’s best Christmas ever! Use 
 McCarthy's Christmas Pamper Evening! 
**STREET CLOSURES** Mayor's 
Starting to feel like Christmas!!! 
There's still space left for Christmas parties & sit down feasts. Who can resist some festive pigs n blankets. 
Happy Friday, everyone.  A little bird tells me that the Library Christmas tree is going up today.  IT IS TIME!!
What a great idea! A Twitter 
 Tour begins in 2 days! 
Happy 1st December, remember to check out our online 
Looks like the Circus Street Christmas elves have been hard at work in the office overnight! 
ICYMI: On the second day of 
Fab Christmas tree from our team at Bolton Diabetes Centre! 
Have you seen our giant advent calendar inside the Moor market?  Door 1 is open today, come and have a go at answering the question and win some great prizes to make your Christmas perfect! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
No kid's Christmas list is complete without this 
 Thank you from FOYMI to all parents, children and staff who supported our Christmas Fair 
ONE MORE WEEK! We are excited to welcome our ceremony performers: The Throw Zone's Jeremiah Johnston, Capitol City Dance Academy, Sacramento Preparatory Music Academy and the Sacramento City College Choir! See you at 4:30 next Wednesday 
Its...CHRISSSSSSSTMAAAAAAAAS! 
 This aint your average Twelve Days of Christmas... "On the twelfth day of Gitmas, the kraken sent to meeee..." 
We’re off and running with Warwick’s Victorian Evening, our Christmas Tree Festival
Discover W5’s enchanted world of Winterland this Christmas!
My clothes are getting more and more Christmasy by the day... 
Pinch, punch, first of the month! Happy 1st of December, Trouva community
There’s still some advent calendars left guys 
I am very excited for both of these. If you’re in Los Angeles or on Long Island I hope to see you there 
Merry Switchmas — these are the top 5 
Filming Christmas videos today yasssss! 
Thank you to everyone that came out on a very cold evening, here is a little inside to the Chiswick Christmas 
TONIGHT -- *SOLD OUT* A Holiday Evening with 
joy joy joy. 
One of the most elegant holiday lobbies in all of NOLA. Well done, 
Here at the Unicorn school in Kew today for their Christmas fair 
Thank you for all of your support. It's great to be a part of such a supportive community 
It’s our annual Christmas shopping trip to 
Have you seen the Christmas trees along Roman Walk? Here's the tree decorated by 
We can’t wait to see you at the lighting of the Christmas Tree this Fri Dec 1 from 6pm at Rosalind Park! There'll be plenty of entertainment, including classic Christmas movie, Miracle on 34th Street (PG,CC), a visit from Santa and the lighting of the tree at approx 8.45pm 
Finally on the way to Cornwall having sorted out poorly dog. Girls getting in to holiday mood with Arthur Christmas on the iPad! 
This tree has felt your presents
A memory of my merry mongrel Christmases in our Italian-Irish-Glaswegian household 
Next weekend kicks off a heavyweight holiday season!
Lots of fun being had at our Christmas Fayre organised by the fabulous PTA! 
The official Have A Divine Christmas t-shirts have arrived and are ready for immediate shipping! VERY LIMITED STOCK! Orders begin shipping tomorrow. Free U.S. shipping!
It’s festive and cosy (and busy!) in the Yurt! Told you that all the top places get booked up early for 
Hoodies, Tees, Manumit 
Speculation of a national turkey shortage ...Order one our farm fresh turkeys today 
25 days to Christmas! 
 Absolutely gutted I couldn't make it to the store today to meet you! However many of your products are on my Christmas list
ICYMI: On the first day of 
Remember to get your audition videos in! 
We are so excited to announce that tomorrow will be the first day of our......12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY! 
Is it Feb 14th yet? Tix/more info: 
It’s starting to feel a lot like Christmas starts to feel like Christmas 
Well, that wasn't bad! See the new Co-op Christmas advert featuring us Stockport Ukulele Players and other great community groups. What a party.
On a day like today.. warm festive cocktails is what you need. Keep your eye out for our festivities starting from the 1st December! 
Come and say hello to Freddie and taste some of our award-winning 
ICYMI: Yesterday I shared how I'll be giving back this festive season 
White Christmas was absolutely wonderful. Karen Ziemba stole the show! And THE ACT TWO TAP OPENER HOLY COW. 
Reminder: First Ever Holiday Tree 
That's all folks! See you next week - stay creative and hope you all enjoy the first week of 
Christmas came early for me this year! 
Welcome to Salop Christmas! Lots to see and do for the whole family on the run-up to Christmas 
It's Christmas tree day UCHS! Show some Christmas spirit! 
. . . and . . . it’s up! 
Thanks for joining us! Great fun had by all 
Giving this yellow loaded mustang to a lucky fan for Christmas 
An homage to the Talus Dome? 
Only 2 weeks to go 
 makes the top 5 things to do in Herts this weekend, according to 
 On the 2nd day of Christmas Manchester’s Finest gives to you...
Can we all agree that Christmas light projectors are the fedora of holiday decor? 
Visit our gorgeous store to take a look at our new Christmas stock! It’s looking very festive!
We are busy making preparations for that certain time of year which is rapidly approaching 
P5b enjoyed creating their posters for the 
Sewing red ruffles on the first day of December! 
Dun dun dun...It's time to start thinking about what to get your pals for 
Wow that’s a big Christmas tree! Preparations well underway in Keel Square for the Christmas lights switch on, Thursday 23 November.  
Local freelancer? Get a place to host your goods in our Christmas Market from 12th-23rd of December. Get in touch today to get your space! 
First Christmas delights left our kitchen today! Let the festive season roll! 
The festive spirit has arrived at the Seckford this afternoon 
Spread the word! Christmas in Uppingham is on 1st December. Kick off at 5.30pm with 
Christmas parties and festive wedding season now in full swing! 
You may not be able to fit Buddy the Elf's tree in your dorm, but here's a starting point! Holiday dorm decorating tips: 
Still taking orders for Christmas cupcakes too. A nice gift idea for clients, school teachers, your boss, friends or family. 
Only 26 sleeps until Christmas!
Today we're sharing the best beauty gifts for the beauty novice in your life 
Happy 1st of December! Here's a great Christmas gift idea 
With the Christmas period officially started, we have launched our fabulous Christmas Set Menu 
Here are some new products upcycled tonight at Trash to Treasure! 
It’s official! All 42 trees were lit up tonight at our first Member Holiday Party of the season. Christmas and Holiday Traditions Around the World runs November 21 to January 7, 2018. 
Deals to deck the halls! Save $25 when you spend $75 on holiday decor, trees, lights & more. Restrictions apply. 
It is December 1st and the Holidays are creeping their way into the office! A most welcome season indeed! Have you started decorating yet? 
What are your Top 5 Christmas Movies?
Some people look forward to seeing friends/family for the holidays when they return home to Chicago. That is great and all but I mostly look forward to eating 
Our advent calendar starts today! 
Person 1: "When you say arty, what do you mean?"Person 2: "Y'know, bauble and a bit of bush"
Big thanks to our Christmas Pub Quiz sponsors 
Oisin & Ròise heading to the 
Exciting news...Have you got your tickets yet? Book now at 
A BRAND NEW Festive Afternoon Tea hits Seaham Hall tomorrow! 
Here we go then, this coming Sundays fixtures. Not many games before we enjoy the Christmas Break 
We are now into the grog season - feeling festive! 
Bosham School Christmas Fayre tomorrow at the Village Hall 2-4pm.  Lots of Christmas treats, raffle tickets and of course a tombola 
Don’t miss ‘How the Grinch Stole Christmas' at 11.30am at 
On The Hotlist: Top December Events, Dining, Style & Travel: 
Happy 1st December! Keep your eyes peeled for an exciting festive giveaway starting soon
7 Days until Moston annual event! This time with the return of the Christmas Craft Market 
Friendly reminder about “The Ugly 
HallamCash4Kids: RT DoncasterRaces: Feeling festive? 
O Christmas tree!
 thought he would join in the countdown to Christmas 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas.. Our beautiful tree is now up in the tower 
During the month of December we will be Developing the Elf Workforce. Meet our new Christmas Interns travelling all the way from Lapland 
I just bought my IBO Raffle ticket, 
December What's On in the Cairngorms out now. Plan your festivities and where to catch Santa! 
Spotted on Peachtree Street: Christmas! 
The naughty elf is up to no good all over 
Feeling ready to get in the festive mood? We've got just the thing! Christmas in St Ives, the charming new ebook novella from 
Brilliant! Inspire tomorrow with what's done today 
Lots of lovely presents donated by our employees - they will be gifted to more than 50 local carers aged 14 and under by the RCT Young Carers charity! Merry Christmas 
Looking forward to the official turning on of the Christmas 
 What are you doing on Fri 15th Dec? Why not visit your local MACE store and support them on their Jolly Jumper Day? 
Ho-Ho-Ho 6 weeks until Christmas 
The Christmas markets have arrived in Birmingham! 
The Christmas tree debate
'Tis (almost) the season!
Massive nite on Shankill from 6.30-Lantern Carnival Parade & 
We're hosting a very special 
Our December specials are now ready! Make sure you get some ready for 
This is my hot new Sequin holiday dress! Perfect for the party! U dig? 
Dec. 2nd! Link in bio for event route and details 
Is it too early to watch Christmas 
Christmas is coming early to Central this weekend as we launch our brand new winter cocktail collection - introducing the Flaming' Lemon Meringue Pie! 
North East Concert Band entertained our visitors with fabulous Christmas carols in the bandstand today. 
Limited-edition Holiday gift sets launch tonight at 8PM PST with our 
The barn is stocked up with Cut Nordmann Fir and Potted Norway Spruce Christmas Trees Fraser Fir and Norway Spruce cut Christmas Trees arriving this week 
It's Christmas time 
Only 17 days left! All stalls are filled and the day is going to be great. Its the most wonderful time of the year
It's almost that time of year, due to cancellations we have limited availability this year for the Christmas Festival 
Holiday Tech Gifts for Kids 
Ho ho ho...ly moly it's almost Christmas!! 
Here is our holiday shopping tip for today.  ***REMEMBER*** Be aware of your surroundings while shopping.  If you are distracted with too many items, thieves or pickpockets may be able to approach you undetected.  Keep it reasonable and have a 
Christmas is getting closer by the day and we're getting excited! 
Christmas is all about spreading kindness so we’re giving away £200 to help give someone a Christmas to remember 
I’m setting up stall 
Don't miss the lighting of the Key West "Harbor Walk of Lights" tonight at 6:00pm at Greene and Elizabeth St. A Fishing Buoy Christmas Tree, a real pine Nautical Christmas Tree, and a Lobster Trap Christmas Tree will be lit, honoring the “Maritime History of Key West”. 
Plenty of stalls & people at the Greenisland Community Council Christmas fair this morning - call in until 2pm at the Jubilee Hall, you’ll be made very welcome! 
Gluten Free, Vegan Christmas Cake. 
We only have a handful of seats left to Sunday's Mannheim Steamroller Christmas performance at The Classic Center Theatre! Grab yours today before it's too late. 
Gifts galore for all the family inside the 1986 Woolworths Christmas Catalogue! What will you choose?
HAPPY FIRST PREVIEW TO MY 
The Christmas lights have just been turned on 
Happy December 1st Everyone ! Look what we have coming up 
In case you haven't heard the news, it's official, 
It’s the 1st day of 
December belter just in time for Christmas 
Cold, damp weather and feeling the affect of one too many gin cocktails last night - but Friday night miles logged to kick start my 
Help us make LEGO decorations for our Christmas Tree! 
Our Chance and Lucky tree!! 
Ready to start the holiday season off right with 
This is a family friendly bike ride so please bring your children. We have picked a great route and we would love you to join us! 
Potential Fortnite: Battle Royale Christmas update #1 - Candy Cane as a pickaxe, Santa's Sleigh as the Bus and... Christmas trees! (Video: 
I’m looking forward to being part of this year’s
Check out some of our favorite moments from last night's 
"It’s tough for the Rock and Roll Hall of Famers to do wrong, and they deck their Christmas LP with plenty of personality." We think so too! Thanks 
The Hotel Grande Bretagne & Santa have marked the start of the most magical time of the year! We wish you a happy festive season. 
Have yourself a merry little cocktail... 
So who loves a festive lunch? Whether it's a works dinner or a family gathering, everyone is welcome! Please call 01427 613088 to get booked in. 
After dinner with us at Stix and stones this December .....We are feeling the festive love Not to be missed The Russian santa, Winterberry gin and Plum&Clove Bourbon Smash 
Bit of snow this morning....starting to feel like Christmas! 
Christmas has officially thrown up all over New York City and i am feeling FESTIVE! 
Belfast is definitely worth a visit this Christmas! 
Thinking of a Christmas gift for dad? 
TONIGHT, we're lighting our 
Our holiday hours are now posted on the website. 
Anyone looking to save some money on there gas and electric coming up to Christmas 
How to give the gift of fun this 
The festive season gets underway this week with 
Get your Christmas shopping done early, and take 10% off the ISC Cotton Tee in Adults and Kids! Use code 4WEEKS at the checkout! 
Have yourself a Merry Minimal Christmas this year
It's kinda cool that Santa hangs out down the street from us... just saying... 
We’re LIVE in Central Park at Harlem Meer for caroling, ice carving and holiday cheer! 
Make it a special Christmas for the Reds in your life 
We are a bit slow off the mark but i'm sure 
What do you get if you eat Christmas decorations? 
Take your gift wrapping skills to the next level  
Happy 1st of December!Today marks the start of 
Thanks to our lovely Xmas elves 
Thank guys! Happy holidays 
All ready for Christmas now! 
The rain has cleared just in time to launch 
Only £1 and 5% back to me, 1% to my local community and 10p to 
When you realise there's only 33 days until Christmas... 
Break a leg to the fantastic cast of our biggest EVER pantomime! Peter Pan at the Grand Opera House opens today! 
Come see us and grab some Christmas gifts 
It’s that time of yeaaaaaar 
 Bringing the guys with me to Winflo in a couple weeks to do our special Holiday Concert in… 
At Christmas you tell the truth.... 
XMAS ~ £10 Christmas vouchers NOW available at 
The Ultimate Christmas Ball 3 
You learn something new everyday with 
Looking for the best stocking stuffer? 
Lovely time at this today. Wish we could have a Christmas tree here every year 
ITS CHRISTMAS NEXT MONTH 
Too soon for feeling Christmassy? 
Thrilled to finally share Winter Wonderland with you all!
 Christmas Turnaround and Postal dates are now live! 
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to everyone!!
‘Set to delight thousands in the festive period’ 
Out, two nights on the bounce!Must be Christmas 
It was a Jolly Day! 
Can you believe it's exactly one month until Christmas day?! Make sure you pick up our December issue (out now) for a run-down of all the festive fun in Lincoln next month! 
 Town Hall looking very festive 
Enjoy a table by a real Christmas Tree!
We've shortlisted your submissions on what to name the office Christmas Tree! Which one should win? 
Great performance by our National Canadian Yo-Yo- Champion at our Celebrity Kettle Kick-Off ! 
| Attending our 'Magical Christmas Time' parties this December?Share our exclusive Snapchat filter using 
So who’s had their advent calendar for ages and been waiting for this day?
Celebrate the season with a different take on the holidays 
A festive look at some of the research at the University of Birmingham 
The children and the staff looked amazing this morning. Happy Christmas from BPS 
Might ask my local cinema if they'll play Elf the Grinch & Home Alone in one day! Who's Coming 
A staggering £2,600 plus from Christmas Bazaar 
This is very intriguing! It's great to see everyone making such an effort! Good luck 
Come down to the Cambusbarron Christmas Fair to see the goodies Primary 1 and 2 have made 
Order a little mouse fairy or prince & we can add an attachment so they can hang on your Christmas tree 
Also 100% buying these 
It’s the Mayhew Christmas 
Have you already cracked into the advent calendar? The PG team definitely have! 
To our TEAmail subscribers... What a night! We sold out of our first batch of Christmas teas within an hour! They are now back in stock 
My perfect aubergine-laden tree. Not sure there could be any better tree for a Middle Eastern gal, like me! Baubles 
When your favourite teams send you their Christmas jumpers
And we can't wait!! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas #2 here at the 
Global Opportunities are behind the second for in our Biosi Advent Calendar 
Downton Christmas Tree Festival St Laurence Church 16th Dec & 17th Dec, Local live music, coffee, refreshmentsFree Entry 
NEW POST ALERT! 
Does this mean he won't comment on these issues any further as soon as marriage equality is law? Merry Christmas! 
Welcome to one of the best days in the Alsager Calendar......it's the big light switch on 
It's the first day of December which means our donation sleigh is officially open! A big thankyou to those who have already donated, we will be collecting food donations throughout December and donating to our local foodbank on the last week of term.
With just under a month to the big day, 
JUST ANNOUNCED. We’re putting on another 
Come join us and make free Xmas Wreaths today at the Westmorland Shopping Centre 
Fancy a festive mini break this December? Here are the best places you should go to 
A2: We think the perfect way to spend a romantic 
Our tree has arrived and feeling superbly festive this morning 
Incase you missed our first post! Are you thinking about 
Soooo Alex & I recently decorated our house for Christmas and we vlogged it annnnd that vlog is going up at 4pm today!! 
We’ve a few dates still available for Christmas parties with dinner & disco from £19.50pp (dancing optional!) 
 for the holidays & gear up your tree with 
, LAST CHANCE to gift a December holiday 
Did someone say freelancer film Christmas 
 for our 2017 panto Beans are as bawdy as you'd imagine. LET THE FESTIVE FUN AND INNUENDO COMMENCE! 
Hello December! Just 24 days until Christmas! 
A truly Enchanting setting to enjoy 
Lightly spiced & studded with marzipan nuggets, you're going to love 
This is Carole. In November she was able to provide 50 refugee families with emergency assistance.Please donate to the Christmas Appeal & help the Welcome Centre where you can. 
Christmas Day fun sorted, thanks to 
There's nothing like performing at the 
Tomorrow we get to open the first door in our Biosi Advent Calendar – each day will reveal something new about the School of Biosciences at Cardiff University! 
Wreaths made by Blairtummock group 
The Tree of Life makes the perfect stage for 
Do you hear that? Those are the Chimes of Christmas & your possible two free tickets! RT this tweet to enter! 
It's starting to feel a lot like Christmas in Toronto
Never too early for a Santa hat 
It’s been 22 years that I’ve been opening Camera boxes..... And I’m still as excited even today!! Thank you 
You heard that right – "Christmas is Coming!"
Celebrate the start of the season with us tonight! 
Under the stars on a frosty night and wishing all success in their stout efforts for release of 
Of course it’s countdown to Christmas time! 
 Introducing a festive treat from ourselves! The 12 Nays of Devolution. We've been told NO, NO, and NO again from 
Christmas trees as you've never seen them before! 
 getting ATL in Christmas Spirit 
Spoil your pup this festive season with 15% off in the 
The DEN is ready to spread some cheer!
There's so much to do and see in 
Aw, thanks!
Almost ready for a Christmas party 
The Red Legged Partridges are prepped and 
The mince pies are looking tasty, the festive music is on, looking forward to celebrating our customer's first 
Today is the day! Nissan's Winter Wonderlights Holiday Show & Tree Lighting begins at 2 pm. Download the app and be part of the holiday show. See you at the Park! 
Today is the deadline for our Christmas Card competition and we've already had some excellent entries. It's making us feel very Christmassy 
Hundreds of bikers generously give up their time in the festive season to help Santa out, bringing joy and supporting children in hospitals and hospices 
This means I might be about to press play on 
Guess what comes out Nov 22nd... It's the 
Join us for a festive celebration marking the centenary of 
It's beginning to look a lot like ..well, you know ... at .
All of our handmade Christmas product stocked up and ready for our customers in 
Manchester Christmas markets next weekend and I can’t waitttt
Out campaigning in Mcr City Centre to keep it Labour in the 2018 Local Elections! Fantastic festive reception from local residents!! 
O N L Y  2 7  D A Y S          
Help our market community welcome the festive season this Saturday from 5pm in the square 
Why do the John Lewis Christmas adverts give us the "feels", and did 
December 1st got me like 
Teddington lights up on 30th Nov 
We’ll be singing in the atrium of the lovely 
We're stocking up ready for Christmas 
 Day 2 of our countdown to Christmas 
It's beginning to look a lot like... 
Head over to our Facebook page for Day 1 of our Toggi 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas around here... We're bringing you a taste of Central park to the Great Lawn! Join us at noon for hot apple cider, gingerbread cookies and horse and carriage rides. See you there! 
What's new in food and drink? 
“Christmas Thyme” is now here!
Pretty standard vocal warm up with 
The things your CEO makes you do  
Get in the Christmas spirit and pop along to the home of Debbie and Mark Scott at 14 Windermere Crescent, Worthing, BN12 6JY to see their amazing Christmas light display, raising money for Guild Care's dementia services. A display not to be missed 
We're big fans of the amazing work 
The gift of 2 songs at this festive time 
Sad Everly Brothers songs for your Christmas 
'Tis officially the season to be merry and bright! 
Happy 1st of December!
Is it bad when I’m looking for an ugly sweater for a work party and I find one I think is kind of cute? 
Wow what I first term it has been at 
The Charlotte Christmas Village is open every day except for Mondays. The hours Tuesdays and Wednesdays are 11 a.m. - 7 p.m., Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays 11 a.m. - 9 p.m. and Sundays 11 a.m. - 6 p.m. 
Winter Wonderland Piano Cover 
It’s officially Christmas season and we’ve got the lights strung, mince pies baking and presents wrapped ready for you… 
This was a barrel of laughs. Worth a listen. Plus Josh recorded a Xmas story for us al. You just have to wait til Xmas to hear it 
Beard gift sets are available!! 
We're about to unwrap Christmas Stories & Activities 2017...
That's a wrap on Christmas 
This is how Gardens Aglow, the cozy and bright holiday show at 
I don't think I've ever been in the Christmas spirit this early before. Perhaps it's all the darkness in our world that's making me long for joy and light. 
It’s officially here... the most 
Our own little Cindy Lou Who.
On the 2nd Day Of Christmas the Bullfinch gave to me....lots of delicious mince pies to eat at the Brewery! Have a 'Pie' and a Pint today! Free mince pies at the Tap Room today open 12:00-10:00...Be quick the mince pies have been going down very well behind the bar!! 
XMAS CLUB SHOP DETAILS | Our Christmas Club Shop will be open on Friday December 8th at the old Computer Shop in Longford Shopping Centre, from 11am! 
And it's officially the Christmas Season 
Make Christmas shopping easy with the Princesshay Gift Card 
Ready to go at a very festive Ruislip Christmas Market! 
Are you ready for Light Up Night in 
It's not long now! We've had our Christmas managers party. Have you got yours booked? 
'Pretty Brown and Nerdy' host 
Today I interviewed a man about 
 is officially out in the U.S. today! Watch 
Morning all & happy advent calendar day! 
 Jinglin' all the way to Cardiff for the rugby?It's busy out there - make sure you get in early
Who needs stocking stuffers? Lion's Pride coffee mugs now available at the Glendale Campus! $5 
Combine over 70 sports in one unique offering this festive season with our new Decathlon Gift Card: 
Christmas tree cakes and swimming in this weeks ASC's. We've got some lovely activities to look forward to in the run up to Christmas! 
Pop in to our afternoon Noël concert, 1pm, St. Ann's, on Saturday 9th! Festive fun for all the family 
To celebrate the festive period, we'll be counting down the days 'til Christmas, and posting 24 of our favourite songs for the season
Vlogmas: an annual tradition where youtubers inexplicably push themselves into nervous breakdowns by trying to make a video every single day in the already very busy lead up to christmas 
Today I've gutted and cleaned the house (downstairs), put the decs up 
The new original Christmas 
Hey Mustangs! Start prepping
Day 2Our free weekly 
This beautiful candle holder will adorn any table setting, fit for a festive feast 
Christmas in Maghera beginning from 2pm 
We're excited to be back, this Sunday 3rd December for our last market of 2017! Are you coming? 
Santa came to visit Burlais tonight at the Christmas fete 
70% of people we surveyed agreed that it was nice to pass on Christmas decorations as a family heirloom! Do you have any treasured decorations? 
 COME ALONG TO OUR CHRISTMAS BAR CRAWL ON THE 30TH OF NOVEMBER. All proceeds going to 
This is very exciting, limited spaces so get yourself on board for some Christmas hockey peeps 
4 weeks!!! 
We are expecting Singing Elves, Reindeer, Freshly made pies & mulled wine as well as Santa at the Heveningham Christmas Market this Sunday! 
Sometimes u run into the best people at 
I’m so excited! It’s 
My seniors decorated my door for Christmas!!! 
Another lovely Christmas display 
Since its coming up to christmas soon! I've opened up the merch store!!! CHRISTMAS CARDS, BUNDLES ETC!!!
This years Children’s Xmas party will be held on 17/12/17 all info on poster warm welcome awaits you all.. 
All go finalising set-up for today’s Christmas market & lights switch on 
Christmas is 3 weeks from tomorrow. Order today, I’ll mail tomorrow. 
Yikes! Only 23 shopping days left till Christmas 
Due to the wonderful German Christmas Market now being open, please be advised that the city is very busy, and our patrons should allow extra time to get in and out of Birmingham.Have a wonderful week 
We hope to see you all at our Christmas Spectacular today 
Our tree is looking a bit Seussian after its hibernation. 
Look out for festive cake jars, cakes and brownies at the 
Some important festive information from 
So excited!!! 
 Getting near the time of year for seasonal shopping and you can support 
It’s that time of year again 
LIVE: The Gore Park Christmas Tree of Hope being installed for the season! 
We are decorating for the holidays. 
It's going to be a good one 
It's the 1st of December! We're all set!!!
It’s the day before the Thanksgiving weekend and I’m the only one in the office so far. I’m also sitting in the dark... next to the glow of a Christmas tree that appeared overnight. 
Happy Dec 1st everyone! If you're planning your Christmas shopping over the coming weeks include picking up a copy of 
Christmas pop up market Sunday 26th November 
What do you call a singing elf... A WRAPPER!!!!!
Pick up your limited edition Giants Advent Calendar, £10 each, tonight 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in the Venuemasters office 
Lots happening in Totty tomorrow, but if you want to be warm, inside, make your own festive wreath, let the kids do some crafty stuff, while you enjoy a warm, spicey seasonal drink and fruit pie, then we'll see you at 
 Looking for some festive fun in Yorkshire? Well look no further - here's some ace activities for all the family: 
Serving up gnocchi and holiday cheer 
The first of the Christmas House concerts begin, looking a little like this 
There's still some availability 
WE TRIPLE DOG DARE YOU to join us for the ultimate holiday favourite - ‘A Christmas Story’Friday, December 1st, 2017Doors at 7pm + film at 8pmONLY $5 + a non-perishable food donationJoin us for games, eats, beers, prizes & a whole lotta Christmas!
Mini Christmas market today. 
25 days until Christmas! 
Who do you wish you were watching The 
We have plenty of Christmas Trees 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas, Happy 1st of December to all our residents! Our helpful reindeer have been busy putting up Christmas lights in preparation for our Christmas tree light switch on today 
A Very Philly Christmas 
The OFFICIAL start of the season! 
We’re counting down until we welcome 
The holiday season has officially begun in 
There are 25 days until Christmas... 
No football = put the tree up 
Join us at 6 p.m. tomorrow for the 
We present to you “Last Christmas”! Get the track tonight at 9pm PT on 
Just an update about on Christmas Grotto! 
‘It’s Beginning to look a lot like Christmas’ 
Already prepping for our next antiques fair ⭐︎ Sunday 10th December at the 
Don't get your tinsel in a twist! 
A Very Drumpf Christmas 
We wish all Christmas trees were made from cake!
Our Christmas tree has arrived! 
 time around the corner, we put together a short list of hot tips that will make every coffee lover happy. See the article for links to some great 
What could be better than giving the gift of yoga for a healthy body and mind at Christmas?
Its beginning to look a lot like.....
Bought a 10ft Christmas tree 
Don't miss the big Chorley Christmas Lights Switch On today! 
Don't forget this years Q U I Z M A S !  
Happy 1st of December, booklovers! 
Only 16 more sleeps until we reveal what’s behind the 8th Advent Window! 
It's December!!
The Christmas tree inside our building is up already 
Get your festive first look at the special 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas! Tree decorating is in full effect at HQ
We had a wonderful time feeling festive at 
Good morning it’s Day 1 Of our Christmas at Crafty Magick’s 12 days of Christmas 
Local handmade Belgian chocolate and delicious 'free from' Christmas cake available at our Food Store 
Thanks to everyone who came out this weekend to celebrate the end of the year & kick off the Christmas season. We had an amazing year, can't wait to see what our team have in store for 2018! More pictures to come... 
Stuff your stocking with wine aerators, mismatched earrings, spicy honey, and more—all for under $20 
Today's the last day to get FREE shipping with any purchase in my store! Plus, I've got a Christmas bundle for $35: 
If this doesn't get you excited for 
Tis' the season to get merry big. Catch the best new bands first at 
*EXCITING FESTIVE NEWS* This year's special guest for our Christmas Lights Switch On is Great British Bake Off favourite, 
Wow. Incredible. Talk about dream decorations. I. Love. Christmas!!! 
Absolute Christmas tree GOALS at 
Beauty goodie bag up for grabs from our Stratford store launch! RT & Follow for your chance to 
Soon, we'll be rockin' around the 
Just trimmed the Shepherdess studio 
Our Christmas Toy & Shoebox Appeal is now live and our first donations have arrived! 
IT BEGINS. Christmas has started 
Whatever they’re paying this guy, it isn’t enough 
This beautiful Christmas tree is welcoming visitors at Ebbw Vale Learning Action Centre 
A picture is worth 1,000 words. 
Let's get this Christmas 
Can your festive outfit get any sassier? 
'Tis the season to order your Christmas cards! 
It's basically December, so it's time to get these Xmas sweaters in your life 
Incoming: major Christmas party inspo! 
An amazing opportunity to win a 3 night stay at 
Come and join us this Friday at our Christmas food fair In store here at Twohigs SuperValu Kanturk from 11am-7pm plenty of 
It's officially December! Time to start feeling 
It’s not Christmas 2017 if you don’t pretend to be Joyce Byers from Stranger Things while decorating the tree... 
Come and visit us for the second day of our Christmas Fair - Open 10-4 (Santa’s Grotto 12-3)We even have some special visitors all the way from the North Pole! 
Our annual Christmas night market is this Friday 1/12 5-9pm 
Lee Mead at Christmas - Some row E and dress circle seats just released for Lee’s highly awaited Christmas show. 
We need your help! We're holding a Christmas event for our elderly residents on Joseph’s Road in 
Christmas jumper is officially out and on today  
Merry Oxmas!! 
You'll be walking in a winter wonderland through the Christmas Tree Trail at 
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAL SWINDON 1-1 @ 16:00Scored by 
Christmas Tree, DONE!!! 
 “The third day of devolution, my Mayor said to me...” The 12 Nays of Devolution from the Women’s Leadership Group Happy Christmas LCR! 
Our lovely Festive Bird Decorations have started going up on the 
1st is Decemeber I can now openly be excited about Xmas without anyone saying its to early 
This looks great!
Calling local designers! We’re planning our new monthly 
Come and buy our delicious Bloody Good Marys at the 
My desk is ready.... 
 The Friday after our annual Christmas Miracle game, 
Still sitting in my cart online. Not sure my family will find this as amusing as I do. 
Merry Christmas everyone! I hope you all have a great day with plenty of laughs! 
It’s the most wonderful time of the year 
 Year 7 and Year 8 Christmas Disco 
It’s getting busy here 
Jack Rabbits Ashbourne will be open this Saturday 25th November till 6pm for food and drinks. So if you’re in town for the Christmas Lights Switch On come down for a Christmas Cappuccino and festive fudge! 
Start your Christmas shopping in style with an evening of pampering and exclusive offers at L’Occitane en Provence (
It’s time to switch on the Christmas lights, light the fire, nestle down and join us for 
I look forward to seeing you all there! If you have any questions or answers just tweet me or contact my team 
Day off!! Hurray! Starting as we mean to go on with Nativity 2 and cosy pjs by the fire! 
Charlotte Melia shares her top 
 Where better to celebrate your Xmas party?!
HAPPY DAY! Tomørrow I am posting exclusive clothing for sale. It is 
Glasgow theatre announces autism-friendly 'relaxed performances' of this year's Christmas shows 
We can officially start the countdown to our 
Super happy to share with you guys 'Say All You Want For Christmas', a duet with the wonderful 
Check out our new blog post to find out what’s happening in and around 
New holiday gift wrap has arrived 
Happy Holidays from HPD partnered up with Fiesta for the 32nd Food Drive. Stop by Fiesta stores and donate. Be a part of feeding 3500 families this Christmas 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!  Looking forward to welcoming guests to our Christmas market this evening 
What are your plans on Saturday 9th December?
St John’s Christmas Tree Festival starts this weekend in 
9 great ways to keep running strong through the holidays 
The last supper club of the year at 
 Limited availability on our Christmas Party Nights now remains - don't miss out call 0371 911 1555 or email solevents@elior.co.uk 
Potential Fortnite: Battle Royale Christmas update #2 - Presents as chests, Loot Lake is frozen and... Snowmen instead of bushes! (Video: 
HOLIDAY GIFT IDEAS FROM LIME ROCK DRIVERS CLUB! Please call Jeanette Veitenheimer at 860.435.5000 x 104, or contact by e-mail at Jeanette@limerock.com to discuss all the opportunities! 
Dec My Zimmer Christmas 
December is just a few hours away.. which means all kinds of goodies at Guestroom including lots of Christmas LPs and these rad Rock N' Roll socks too 
The Christmas decorations are still sleeping, tucked up in their boxes in the attic. I shall give them a few more days of peace. 
. Putting your decorations up earlier can make you feel happier.  The first decoration started already 
OH YES! We are so excited for 
Listen to our new holiday track “Last Christmas” now on 
Here's how to be the ultimate Christmas party planner: 
Rhys Ifans brings exuberant festive cheer in A Christmas Carol at the 
Brass band in full swing now! 
Would anyone be interested is singing Christmas songs or Carols at our fete? Can be a band/choir/solo singer - doesn’t matter who as long as it’s Christmassy!
Nice afternoon at the West SDA HQ in Hamilton for 
Tomorrow is the last day before     I go on break for thanksgiving. I'mdown to sleep for all next week. Destiny 2 is gonna be cool, thank you.
Let's be MERRY & BRIGHT together! Join me To Celebrate Christmas as I bring the joy of the holiday season to you! 
 Last chance to book your Christmas Party at Edgbaston Stadium! Over 7,000 covers already SOLD 
Looks who’s swung by to see us!Want a chance to take him home with you? Come by and see us tomorrow between 10-1:30pm at our Christmas Craft Fayre!
We're switching on Christmas this Friday with 1 hour of Christmas songs at 8am 
Looks great, Emily - Very Christmassy! 
hARTlem x All Harlem Present: Christmas In Harlem Toy Drive
Rudolph is back and better than ever 
Another yummy tea pic 
We’re ready for you lot. Merry Christmas everybody 
There's live music, a master magician and Old Saint Nick himself at the Whitnash Christmas lights switch on tomorrow at the Plough & Harrow pub from 4pm 
Ahh we had a great time hosting the 
Happy December!! Spend this month with us at 
Less than a week to go til 
My husband enjoying all the Christmas Market has to offer! 
We'll have other offers on in the run-up to Christmas
Our Christmas Fayre starts at 2pm until 4pm today at the Morton Hall! It's free entry and there will be live music plus 41 stalls selling amazing goods. See you there. 
Happy December, everyone! It's your last day to book and pay for your SU Christmas Dinner. Check out the menu for more info. 
HAVE YOUR SAY!We are now sorting our Christmas Movie Nights! Below, vote for your favourites! The top 3 will be our films for December, so be sure to RETWEET and get as many votes through as possible
 Love it or hate it: Christmas is coming! 
Make Christmas Great Again. 
Kids will love riding a magical steam train to Santa’s Grotto at 
City Organist Darius Battiwalla performs our weekly lunchtime organ concert, Monday 4 December, 1.05pm 
“Best Christmas ever!” 10 years of making dreams come true for Grandparents Raising Grandchildren. Our 10th annual 
Over 70% of our Sunday Cinema tickets are now SOLD! Be sure to grab your tickets now to avoid missing out on festive family. 
Christmas cheer last night with 
Johnny on the Street stole the office Christmas Tree! 
The Christmas trees are up!
1st December means the start of our 
Day 2 of the Christmas Fayre 
1st of December can only mean one thing....Christmas Karaoke 
Angelica in Miami just won a family 4 pack of 
The decorations are up & the Christmas spirit is in full swing! 
I know it's still technically only November. But..... *sings* 'it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas' 
Keep your eyes peeled for our tweets tomorrow and throughout December as we will be counting down to Christmas in our own special 
Pine buds for Project Christmas Tree Beer
Found your Christmas present! 
We took a trip around campus to see some of College Christmas trees. We'll be posting a photo each weekday to get you in the festive spirit! 
The countdown to Christmas is well and truly underway! Where in the world are you jetting off to this December? 
It’s Monday, but we’re feeling all Christmassy today! 
‘Tis the season for pop tails 
Listen to our new Christmas Song, “Christmas Without You” featured on A Very ROC Christmas, out now! 
We're looking forward to Celebrating with 
Come and join us at Carols on the Square! An incredible, festive atmosphere all around 
Selfie Saturday. I'm very much looking forward to spending Christmas with my Blue Cross family this year. Happy Christmas everyone! 
Day 3 of Demuths Advent Calendar - we're featuring a festive recipe every day leading up to Christmas. Today, mince pie Christmas trees! 
An Alaskan reindeer ranch on a Midwest farm. Head out to Hardy’s these holidays 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas... Carols Around The Tree this Wednesday at 2pm and again at 6:30pm in Hunts Cross Community Garden, everyone welcome!
Have a look at the lovely programmes coming up 
ALL. ANY. EVERY. 
REMINDER: Just 2 days left in the 
ONE MORE DAY!!! 
5FH enjoying ice skating 
It’s film night at the workshop!Which film should we watch? 
The Plymouth Christmas Market is looking great this year! 
Harrogate’s Christmas Market is in full swing! Traders, we know it’s busy - but if you get a minute or two, have a chat with our Field Support Officer 
St Francis Church, Keynsham are getting in the Christmas spirit and are putting on an amazing FREE event! Come along on Saturday 2nd December to join in the crafty fun!! All are welcome 
Wonderful to see community members at tonight’s 
Here are some of our board members creating props for the Wake Forest Christmas Parade. It's this Saturday, 1 pm.
Love these xmas messages!!
We will be counting down to Christmas with 24 top tips for running a cracking crowdfunding campaign 
It's the start of the festive season at 45 Park Lane 
Guess what we're up to today!! 
PUNK IPA gift packs are here. Treat your favourite punk lover to this snazzy beast for Christmas! 
Pour a mulled wine, get cosy, and join us LIVE this evening as we rehearse The Nutcracker:
Best thing about Christmas? - 
It's our Christmas Market from 16 - 24 December! You’ll find handmade & vintage items from local traders, a selection of arts & crafts, great gift ideas & decadent home décor. 
We hope you've enjoyed seeing the Christmas trees around site - check out this timelapse video of the external tree and lights being put up by our wonderful groundsmen!
It's the first ever 
We've fallen in love!  Meet our new BBF 
Manchester Christmas markets this weekend 
It's Christmas! 
We're bringing a spot of Christmas
 How to make your Xmas parties extra special 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas... 
FOODIES: We know 
Don’t get your tinsel in a tangle because Cyber Monday is happening NOW! Head to 
Our very own Partner & Head of Conveyancing, Wyn will be doing a reading in Welsh too! It's set to be a fab event 
Christmas is coming!! 
Plans for today:- Record an episode of 
Gift a buddy this awesome twosome this festive season – A 6-pack of Hopped Apple Soda from 
Yule love what we've planned for
THIS FRIDAY! Christmas officially begins as 
Make your centre piece a masterpiece 
Looking for amazing local prezzies this Christmas? The 
 Get into the spirit of the season! See a complete list of our holiday films, concerts, & more >> 
Friends... Romans... Friendly Romans... we are go! 
You my friend are now on my Christmas card list 
 It’s nearly time 
TODAY FROM 2PM: 
Not available in Ireland yet but I am very excited for this gig 
Such a sucker for Christmas branding 
Where else would you rather be this festive season? 
To round off the first week of Christmas stories 
We're starting off December with some holiday spirit!  You can catch us tonight at the MillerCoors tour of lights!
 It's that time of year again.... 
Christmas comes but once each year! Make yours merry, bright and easy by joining us for a festive 
& the lights are on!! 
 1 day to Dec... and our countdown of the big festive highlights in 
Very excited that our bicycle socks were featured in the 
Due to a cancellation we still have one room available at 
Twenty one framed prints and originals, twenty canvas cushions, fifty Christmas gift tags, sixty china mugs, over two hundred greetings cards, and a partridge in a pear tree to take to 
Blogmas day 2!! 
What ho! Scoundrels, get ready to have a swingin' time down at the station this 
James Nesbitt recalls his favourite 
Our December schedule is packed with cinematic treats! Please RT and let us know what you're most excited to see. 
Launching our newest project for Boston Addaction: OPERATION ELF!
DAY ONE | CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAYS 
It’s December!!!!! We’re slowly getting into the holiday spirit! Stay tuned for a fun filled month at NU 
Looking for a personalised gift this Christmas? Our same day turnaround for one offs means that you can give something extra special this year 
Green, red and white
A delicate pendant is the perfect way to complete your holiday look! 
Christmas party outfit inspo from Jose on Match of the Day. Get in my 
Did you spot our Toy Soldiers this weekend? Share your snaps with 
Practicing our Christmas carols. 
We are looking forward celebrating Christmas with the fantastic 
Dick Whittington, Buddy The Elf, 
Before you leave 1 mean comment, go leave 10 positive ones! Spread a little more love today than hate! We all get caught up in drama & bullshit, I think it's human nature 
Thousands of hyped holiday fun-seekers will funnel through Christmas trees at 
Thank you! And yes to holiday season! 
My biggest challenge during Christmas is not singing Mariah Carey’s All I Want for Christmas every time I hear it. It’s literally my favourite. 
Looking to get your holiday on? We've got just the place!
Our head office is getting into the Christmas spirit putting up the tree this evening 
We're back--and backstage--on Instagram! This week Micaela, one of our Production Assistants, shows you "A Christmas Carol."
 Well I am already in the throes of Holiday Cheer over here, and am thrilled to host my own… 
HOST YOUr Company Holiday Party with us in December and YOU will be seeing 
If you were involved in the cancelled Heaven On Earth tour, please can you e-mail your contact details to 
Look to the future now, it's only just beguuuuu-uuuu-nnnnnn-nnnn 
It's Beginning to Sound alot like 
Rock around the Christmas tree in the elephant house at 1.30pm. Call by and go behind the scenes to help keepers decorate the trees with some of Yhetto and Dhunja's favourite treats!
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas on Towers Street! 
Have you got your Christmas in Leeds guide yet? 
Clapham Common’s first ever ice rink, UV-powered crazy golf, rides, 
Looking for activities to celebrate the holidays with your littles? Let 
Christmas shopping is well underway 
Merry Christmas to all our lovely customers!We are next open on the 29th & 30th Dec from 10.30-4pm, open as usual from the 3rd Jan! 
 – Only 12 sleeps until 
On the best day of Christmas my true love gave to me.. My Life Story, Patrick Duff, Star Shaped DJs & goodwill glam to all boys and girls. 
We are collecting donations for Christmas Gift parcels for those in need in the 
Only 12 days to go before the Christmas magic is back 
It’s officially Christmas Argory Christmas Fayre this weekend 
There's just one week to go until Festive Friday 2018! Are you signed up yet? (Grinches need not apply!) 
Go check out my new DIY Christmas video featuring the 
Christmas Eve 2006 for the Kardashians 
Sorry, No Art Tomorrow, or the Next Day. We’re closed from now until 11am on the 27th so have a great Christmas from us all!
C H R I S T M A S  I S  C O M I N G, and from 
