Pink was amzng  . people present  there in   knew BTS was on
Beautiful ANTI Queen! 
I love this. Iconic artist supporting younger artist! This is why Cher is a fkn legend! 
CHECK OUT THIS LINK 
And also dis flop queen won more than +250 awards & broke all sorts of records throughout her career 
Fifth Harmony bb aaaaaaaaaaaah 
This is such an amazing clip and so informative! Also going off topic the guy in the vid is 
YEAAAAAHH!!, MORE HOUR MORE BOUNCE
I’m over the moon tooooo! 
All the best Mason, we're behind you! 
This is maybe the BEST EVER ROUND TO LEAD INTO OVERTIME! 
You have not failed your wardrobe. That shirt is 
 i’am joining you wow what a beautiful mclaren it’s so lit wow amazing
You know when he releases everything lol ?? I can’t wait 
It’s gonna be 
In a subtle way, you've made 
Yes my mood right now!!!
IG:Hotdog1986IG:DnB_Rock2SC:HotDogD-7Twitter:HD848606Facebook: Kelly Kelly Reddit:HD0428Tumblr:HotDoghotdamhdAnchor:HotDog Live.me:HD
The School of Art & Design at New York State College of Ceramics features an irregular screen of terracotta tubes, which wraps around and transforms the facade into a work of sculpture.Fired Up: 5 Textured Buildings With Terracotta Screens: 
6ix9ine x Dj SpinKing TONIGHT @ “LUST” BK 
NOW WE ARE TALKING BIG EVENTS
The 50 greatest songs of all time from the Real Slim Shady 
I Thought my N%a 
I swear it's not fun & games 
 that Sinatra 3 is Gonna be 
 never fails me!! 
This new "Sinatra 2.5" tho 
 has been the most slept on for years. That new mixtape is 
"I'm like a turtle in the race, got enough squares to put your circle into shape" Slick motherfucka this shit different
 Elsie's Emergency Excitement: Volume 30
New hoodie hype! Which color do you prefer? 
Tried something different today with my writing/rap style. Rough draft but i'm really liking how this sounds.The grind never ends 
Felt so good playing with my own pc jeez.. I'll go sort some stuff IRL and have a few hours of sleep. I'll see you guys later tonight so i can fix my sleeping schelude----Highlight of tonight 
A sweet sweet 4K by 
This week’s VIP Blackjack Tournament is on 
Had a super fun chat with 
Undefeated since Winsday dropped 
 your Instagram at the moment is actually on fire! Looking amazing lovely lady! 
 Flashing Lights by Kanye West 
shoutout to Lazy Weekends for remixing i miss you 
Can’t stop bumping the new 
Let’s Get Soul-Naked. Leaving Pretence and Inhibitions Scattered Like Clothing On The Floor 
You know what time it is. We're giving away 
We wondered why the camp fire never goes out during a torrential downpour 
I’m just gonna leave this right here 
About to read the Black Eyed Peas' new Graphic Novel 'Master of The Sun: The Zombie Chronicles'! It's lit 
Right on! Congrats! 
Nice meeting you Sam. Great jacket. 
You and Cirra are a pair of sweethearts. A pleasure to meet you both! 
Both are my past, present and future. However, feet to the 
MOST FIRE PICS EVER!!! 
 So glad you loved. 
"This is all part of the general hysteria which seems to be developing around Brexit" says Dominic Grieve MP"I do sometimes think that some of my colleagues have become unhinged actually..."
Keeping warm today! 
Stunning views at Lytham St Annes last night 
No other people I’d rather be kick ass with 
WE BE GOING OLD SKOOL IN AN HOUR
Myth Busting Mondays TODAY!
It only takes one ride to get that fire 
ICYMI last Thursday - 
Buckeye Walls finished just in time for the Dream 19 weekend 
 is giving me all the life right now! If it ain’t you it’ll be the other guy—and we all know how well that’s going for us. 
 casually scrolling the my new mix on Apple Music and painless by Fozzy appears. Now I’m a huge Chris Jericho fan, but I’ve never listened to your music. Safe to say that I may have found my new favourite band 
Bucs rookie O.J. Howard has been putting in work this season 
NFL​ custom cleats were especially 
This Slurpee Lite is straight 
When you look this good sippin' a 
Part of our Rd Atl crew had a great time across the street yesterday, thank you Lanier RacePlexFast karts along with an awesome track configuration! Check out a few of their heat times 
Legends ‘16 alum 
 with our friends at SpeedKore Performance Group and their CARBON DEMON! Highlight of the day here at 
German engineering, Japanese flare 
 was once again, so good last night at 
Massive track alert!! 
What are you doing Nov 28? We have one more ticket left for our Practical Advice For Getting Into Tech workshop! Grab it while it's 
Looking forward to playing tonight! 
Getting ready for Blazing squad tonight in the 
It's gonna be 
Yes yes!! 
We've had a Adidas drop on our Asos site! Check it out 
Plenty of cute knits live on our asos store 
 Ralph heat new in on our asosmarketplace store 
Big tune once again bro, killing it
Shout out to all the 100 day club members 
Zlatan's first shot after coming back: an acrobatic effort 
The next 3 headliners for our secret warehouse rave in Birmingham have been announced! Joining us are 
Breakbeat and Bass music fans! 
Too much fire, oiiiiii 
Brand new Westside Track of The Week, hear it all week on 
Deep Green x Big Watch - Gritty [Music Video] 
Drake had heat.. was a collection of songs.. some heat tho!Brockhampton had some 
TONIGHT! INFERNO! 
I’ll be playing my first show in SPAIN this weekend 
What. A. Lineup. 
All class! Should add 
Arrived today! Class album! 
Every week I listen to 
Listening to deadbeats radio 18 again cause of the 
New lp out now from Notts finest 
 THE NEW TUNE IS UP  
Today's show was absolute 
On the OPEN MIC: Bobby C, 
Madders Tiff - Underdog (Produced by 
E. Mak - Yo Remix (Official Video) ft. Big Zeeks, Stylo G, Frisco, TE dness 
Matchday: Portugal - Belgium! 
69' Goaaaaaaaaaaaal ! 10-0 
He’s roaring with power and fighting our battles... ‘we sing it like we believe it now let’s go into the world like we believe it’ 
 Starts the Final Pilot - One year to prove that solar power can be turned into heat 
Bloody chuffed to be 4 on the list of 100 ultimate 
Last night was a dream onstage with 
WE NEED YOUR HELP! Please head over to Facebook and vote for us to win the 
Stage time for tonight Newcastle 9:15PM 
Doors - 7PMDYKEENIES - 8PMTHE LAFONTAINES - 9:15PM
Dear World: You know what? You ARE amazing. I’m thinking about all the times you reached out to someone who needed a boost and I feel thankful. You know we’re gonna turn that up to 11 on Monday for 
The Victoria's Secret after party looks might've been sexier than the actual show 
Styling Your Bomber with a touch of Silver 
Let's turn up the heat a little, shall we?! 
W O O D 
French toast with smoked streaky bacon at 
Historic day as we welcome our new recruits to the service for the 1st module of their diverse community safety course! Good luck 
THROWING A PARTY TO CELEBRATE FINDERS KEEPERS. LONDON. TOMORROW NIGHT. 18+. @ ME IF YOU AND A MATE WANNA COME 
20 MILLION STREAMS ARE YOU SERIOUS 
A little over 10 weeks until implementation of the 
One of the best finishers in the game 
 We have a bonfire, ladies and gentlemen!!! 
Three HUGE Legends at 11 on the way for you 
This weekend guys! Get wrapped up!
These pants....
These early sunsets are showing off alreadyyyy!! 
 gets you fired up today! Strengthen your willpower muscle to reach your goals. 
Female VC firepower! 
I change the car like the kids change semesters 
ONLY 45 DAYS UNTIL THE RED ROCKS PREVIEW!!! Get your season tix now, while you still can! 801-587-9894 
VOLLEYBALL TONIGHT || #17 Utah vs. Arizona 
 also the bus ride is free, you get a free T-shirt, and attendance school hours for riding the bus
Uniform combo for the first road game of the season. 
Whipped up some Chicken Katsu w/ Mac Salad, white rice & some homemade Katsu sauce! 
He's a baaaad man 
Hit the link.. skip to 14mins See what 
Virginia's TrapGod™ at it again! 
COME DRANK WIT ME TONIGHT! 
Hey im Riding in Miami jamming to 
Its a lunch kinda ting..
Happy birthday, Adam Driver 
y'all we can't wait to see 
The handover is official! 
Everything that you need to know about my journey. Tomorrow 
We collaborated with LIFE CLUB to create these dreamy new embroidery patches for you all!! 
THE TIME HAS COME. December 30th we are supporting 
Just 3 weeks tomorrow until the 
U13-U16 High Performance Camp with Rio Olympian, Mark Gleghorne, and 
FANTASTIC High Performance Camp today at Nottingham Hockey Centre!! Looking forward to more fun tomorrow!! 
Seeing these skills on the regular is our honour, Jack. 
Because I am the number one panna player in the U.K.- if you want skillful players then look no further 
We have four 2:12 marathoners on the team...let That sink in 
 These are the latest tools to get your 
sorry we were just driving around listening to my unreleased music 
 students find us today at the student centre with 
See Our New Website, We Gave It a 
Failures can teach you more than successes. We’re proud to be sponsoring tonight’s 
Gift what's COZY. 
UEFA’s Ultimate Team Of The Year 
TONIDE TONIDE! CATCH US SHELLING ON 
We made it on to this bad boy again, hope we fueled some kind of heated moment 
thanks for the love, antwerp! playing 
I can’t tell you how good it feels to go back to work. So many new songs next year...
So excited to be back on the road with 
A week today, 
This replay shows how difficult this chance really was. World class finish from Mané 
Mad game! Back with a bang
Droppin a cornucopia of unreleased remixes on Wednesday 
 Fire It Up at Firepit 
 Take Me Away is straight 
This shit go! 
YO TWITTER !!!!!!!! RT/Fav if you want me to drop dis 
 FINALLY REACH!!! It's
"Ain't Like Us" 
I get paid for every thought, like a fucking wishing well 
Our lovely BTC lantern kits are on sale now from The Royal Pavilion shop! 
ICYMI: Congrats to LMNS concertina player + 
FT: Sevilla 3-3 Liverpool 
Can't wait for the next couple days! Playing 
Did you know that the Wednesday before Thanksgiving is statistically the most lit club night in the country? 
We are very excited for this Friday too. So is 
The Interclubs this weekend is going to be 
If you missed the final episode of 
We're still dreaming about the cocktails and pastries 
Snap. Crackle. Pop. 
It may be pouring down outside, but boy is it getting HOT HOT HOT inside SEXPO Melbourne 2017! 
Massive big healthy ass shout out to 
LA's hottest fashion house just got hotter. 
Ne? it makes sense now.. I finally agree that I'm heavenly sent
Rihanna is so successful. All that at 29? What a life 
Love Me In The Dark 
I lost count of how many times I've been listening to Thawula by 
Price lists for 3 bundles , per bundles and closures . Make us your hair plug , we got you covered with great hair at affordable prices 
Please DM us your proof of payment  with your names , cellphone number and delivery option. Thank you ladies 
Dm me names and surname with or without payment by Thursday ladies . I'll sort you out with beautiful bundles for this Summer 
Don't forget about our festive specials which ends 15 December ladies 
Noma's "Moving On" is such a lovely jaaaam! 
We're so happy to announce that 
Nokwazi shaking the dance floor 
On To The Next One 
Mfr souls ft prince kaybee- flavour  
It’s going to be a real musical experience with 
Yooo!!! This tune 
Birds In The Trap Sing McKnight.
The Turntable Beast begins his very first club tour this Friday along with 
Np - This year 
Wondaboy!!!!! Ur song that is on air is madddddd!!!!!
I just made one the maddest beat everrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!! 
our weekends are Legend_Dary!!
Np - The plug;  
I mean you don't wanna  miss 
 (BE MY WIFE) let do it for a brother
Happy birthday to music producer 
Purchase & stream now via -> 
Morning motivation,we dey jam to 
Happy womb escape OBO 
Video shoot in a bit! Can't wait for 
That's What I mean! 
042 Cathedral shutdown is today 
Retweeted Inspiration FM 100.5 (
I hope am going to be the first to listen to 
New song ft one of the Best 
Let’s get it on the countdown RT pls for UJU By 
C'mon by Akin watch now.
COOL WEEKEND VIBES ONLY
Koustee – Excuse (Prod. By GinnyBoi) 
One Song = Jidenna x MB x Quavo x Sark! 
I swear big homie 
MacLaren’s, The Drunken Clam, Moe's, Cheers, Tobe Nwigwe. What do these things have in common? BARS!!! 
Tell sway I got so many answers i can probably bubble in a whole scantron 
Houston.....we have another 1 
If you are an Upcoming artists or A-list Artists, send your songs to this what's up Number +2348145422064 for an Free Airplay
Indeed and even the one that wrote the song is SICK!!!
Go cop this asap chun and keep grinding 
Yes oh, it's gonna be lit with 
Bad man Pheelz! Original bad man! 
If this new song money by 
Money by Adekunle Gold is a masterpiece honestly. 
Step On The Floor With Me 
My personality is geared towards that of leadership and achievement. 
VAN-JOE PHOTOGRAPHERPHOTO WORKINWE RUN IT EMPIRE 
 hot new single from the stables of rare gem 
All passengers aboard, hop on the train ride to your next destination 
"I stay fresh like I jst coup'd me some new shoes"
...Tune in to PowerFM RIGHT NOW!! 91.3fm 
Stream “TAX” NOW! on Tidal & other music outlets 
....Mami nga kungumfwisha Jealous na new catch pa last ukaba e'hule. 
3 days till Black Friday. Need cash? Capitec clients can withdraw cash from other banks ATM's for less than their own clients
Black Friday is coming. Skip the mall & queues. Register your card for online shopping on the app
And then there was FIIIIIRE!!!! 
This Gentleman from Cameroon carved out a cooler using a Bamboo! This is so amazing! Let us make him famous, Retweet and Like ..Thanks 
Been bumpin that FDM4 heavy at the gym 
Remember, remember there’s one place for a pre/post 
 takeaway: The world is smaller than you think, your creative power is bigger than you think, and the only limit to what you can create in your lifetime is what you allow yourself to believe 
"Believe that whatever you're making is incredible." - 
Yay, Tuesday just got lit! 
Cheers to all who made the Woodstock Winter Beer Fest possible! It was properly epic 
Woo it's a frosty one! We've got the fires on for you 
Oh yeah, it's finally time to get the log burners on! Come on in and get 
Bend the knee & realize that “Chaos Isn't a Pit”, it's lit 
Cory from "Cory in The House" on Disney channel freestyling 
 Jheeez, just tuned in to Radio 1xtra, love the new tune Guvna 
 new song about to drop. 
Click click BOOM! 
Due to high demand: limited edition single day tickets available starting today! Combi still available 
Time flies when you're having fun! Only 4 more weeks until the best 3 days and nights this November 
There are less than 300 tickets to go until they sell out 
Listening to this whilst writing some blog posts 
Legit, the line up of the year. Gonna be an INSANE night. Be there 
The Glory Development Centre 7-8 age group were on 
Hopefully next time I bump into 
Y’all go get that new 
FIA FIA BURN DEM 
The MAYOR OF LAGOS 
Haha We made a classic!! 
Kylian Mbappe across all competitions for Monaco this season:28 starts26 goals11 assistsInvolved in a goal once every 68.8 minutes. 
Help him out !!!  
| All aboard the show-boat 
Ace on Match Point "Episode 3"A pieCE of cake for 
Had no idea I was that good at karaoke... was on 
Luke Shuey with an over from the sideline!! Wow 
Is Conor McManus human? 
Fun times with a solid crew! 
My brothers latest video!!
Clear your schedule for Wednesday night! The basketball home opener is gonna be 
How to set the runway on fire 
We have a vintage jacket sale over on our 
Our limited edition collab with LA Dodgers is still available exclusively here: 
When the fire warden says three times that they can't find the problem you go! 
"You're looking dusty - time for you to ventilate!" 
This year's poster is 
Moments to Midnight is now live! These bodysuit options are 
First career start for Chris Godwin and he did not disappoint 
Stratford Flag Runners have been busy tonight! Spartans have spirit!
Thankful to receive an offer from Liberty University! 
Senior mid season highlight! Check it out. 
[New Interview] 
[Up Next] 
New flavor added to the family. Olive & White It's Lit 
BEST STUDENT SECTION EVER
Thousand Oaks helmets. 
We love our fans in Houston
I must of not been paying attention to who was in 
60 percent of the human body is water, the other 40 percent can be fabulous 
Check out the new Aero Burner Composite bat. Super cool look but amazing performance.
Who ya got? 
New album dropping in Tucson is straight 
Congrats on the big win tonight, y’all balled out!
Warriors unveil 2017 championship rings 
Rodney Pryor scored a team-high 19 points last night, making 13-16 FT attempts in the 4th quarter alone! 
Timeout with 2:44 remaining in the half. Skyforce trail the Vipers 51-45. McCree leads with 12 pts, Mitchell follows with 10! 
Kris Jenkins notched his career-high 16 points last night, including 4 three-pointers in the 4th quarter 
Even after six months, the winning entry of this custom A2000 1787 is still 
FLAGSTAFF - We can't wait to see y'all at The Orpheum Theater​ for the the 
JACKSONVILLE, FL - We can't wait to see y'all TODAY for the 
100 knee pounds.100 ankle pounds.50 inside outs.50 side-to-sides.0:59 seconds.
It's a wrap!Our brunchers - the best in the World !Thank you Rodney P, Swiss, Blàk Twang, Dj's Viraj, Lewis Player, Policy & Fricktion 
6 games to go tonight at 
Bears win it 5-3 against USC extending their win streak to 11 
EXCITING NEWS COMING SOON!!! 
The Walls Group new Album 
Mask off! The Furykaze by 
When your outfit is looking lit AF 
Check out Junior Season Highlights 
I hope Vegas is ready! I'm bringing the heat TOMORROW at 
Latest from San Diego...take a look 
It is going down with @ktjmusic1 Saturday.
Try it before it's gone!The new Chipotle Chicken Sandwich from 
ENJOY YOUR WEEKEND WITH 
New Season. New Gear 
SUPA HOT FIRE IS BACKK 
Come hang with me this weekend at the Bayfront Park Promenade for 
A lil something, something from our boy 
Meat and potatoes kind of night 
Just updated my Spotify playlist with new heat from 
Next week, on Wednesday 11/22, We are getting down with 
Do you get fired up for shows at The Canyon?! TAG US. 
nov 10 x 2 
DJ Kieron J back with us this Saturday 
Back at platform Shrewsbury tonight! 
The way certain people look at me like while I’m stood in the store DJing... It’s 2017, the party never stops!
I even get the shopping centres poppin’ 
For all of you watching Grizzlies/Rockets from home tonight...
The Funk Hunters x Leo Napier = 
Our womenswear launch party this Sunday at 
“THE FEVER” with my brothers 
SEATTLE! I’ll be at Showbox Sodo with my boys 
 all the way from nelspruit lekazi 2 
Carlos Francisco returns to MoBlack Records with "Quasar" a killer track sets to make some 
 1 Of The Best DJ’s In The Uk PERIOD!!! He Smashed 
When the tables have nearly SOLD OUT in 1week
 thank the lord for o2 priority, this is going to be a madness
Bad Boy tune doing bits !!!!! 
Another table SOLD for Friday 1st Dec  
"Riot Shield" by 
THEY WENT IN AGAIN 
Jacquees, 24 hrs, Khalid, 6Lack etc .. where my R&B at? Should I upload this nu 
Blessed to receive my first offer from Liberty University 
NPA Darius Garland is a proud member of the "Point God Crew" led by super trainer Jamal Richardson. Watch out for him and more elite pgs 
Monday evening and I’ve just realised how positive I’ve been all day. Good day at work, good PT session, good motivational chat with friends so all in all a good day! 
New week fresh start .. HOT TUBES 
UK Grime/HipHop scene got some 
When 16 tables are SOLD OUT and the tickets are SOLD OUT for tonight 
Good Morning , Check Out the Brand New 
BRAND NEW EDIT: 
Whose bringing the HEAT? We are!! Sweet Heat 
Head over to our SoundCloud page & grab your weekend playlist, inc 
THE MOTIVE RETURNS with @mason__maynard on the 6th of January 2018, Bringing the best Techno & House vibes to The Source...Check the latest release from @mason__maynard, track is called Puffy 
Yooo! SO i've been so busy that I didn't realise 
Fresh House Friday playlist from 
If you're in the UK, catch 
Fresh 'Cola' 'Chilled Mixes' just dropped today! 
T R E N C H E S.. THIS WAS A BLASTO | FIRST NIGHT OF OUR 
 last week's Mass Choir was 
Let's Get This Into The TOP 10 Today!
 THIS IS NOT A DRILL! 
Our Signature Sunday night at 
“ Gotta get in a better position ”- 
All I been listening to is that YDD 
Keep warm this winter! 
Crews on the scene at a barn fire near Bourne 
CAN'T. RETWEET. THIS. ENOUGH. 
Excellent video about the dangers of Carbon Monoxide Poisoning. Please get your gas appliances checked by a competent engineer.
RDS 03/17 Operational awareness day. Simulation of real incidents, in preparation for life on the run as a Retained Firefighter. 
NFRS Incident Command Level 1 development course. Delegates are refreshing their knowledge on completing an ARA, with our XVR simulator. 
Initial Incident Command day 1. Realistic scenarios for new IC's. 1st day of NFRS new IIC course, mix of practical and XVR simulation. 
RDS 03/17 busy weekend. From Fundraising for the chiefs challenge to simulation of operational incidents to underpinning theory. 
RDS 3/17 Trainees BA week 1. Underpinning session on BAECO. Practical exercise on BA procedures. Very steep learning curve. Good effort. #
RDS 02/17 final practice drill before pass out. Congratulations to all 12 Trainees for all their hard work and commitment. Good luck.
For more information about working for Nottinghamshire Fire & Rescue Service, please follow the link. #
24 HOUR GIVEAWAY: Retweet for your chance to WIN a month's supply of THERMOBLAZE®
Stay fire safe this Thanksgiving with these helpful tips from the 
15 hours from home and this song doesn't release to radio untill tomorrow but South Dakota is still singing back!!! I love you guys 
Yea I'm a 90s baby 
So much more room for outdoor activities 
Ok so yes,me and the very hot 
roasting that marshmallow fluff on the s'mores cheesecake on a stick // 
I found some sizzle on set. 
 Hot collab alert! 
We stole King George from 
TFW you go to record a new 
The weather may be changing but we’re still keeping things hot at 
Tonite Island Jam Saturday’s @islandjambanquethall Wilmington vibes 
bat + gom ... sittin on some
Barcelona​ were unstoppable in the 2015 final 
 MATCHDAY!!!
BURNING MAN MUSIC VIDEO!! 
I'm a bit late, but the 
 - take a look behind the scenes of the 
Brow Stylist Plumper + Total Cover Foundation = 
When in doubt, check the top 25 restaurant list: 
Don't miss this season's hottest releases. 
Sriracha Pretzel Nuggets + 
Looking good, boys! 
About yesterday...Alone in the water, looking the sunset, what a feeling !
That pit stop by the four two 
BIG shouts out to the homie Rob Bingham over at 
Showing off their new colors! Cheer on 
2-1 vs SK-Gaming. One more to go! Lets do this
A HUGE THANK YOU !@GhostGaming_GG blessed my setup , its lit you guys are the best
MOST FIRE PICS EVER!!! 
All the Seahawks players & the Titans stayed in the locker room during the national anthem! Now they walk on field linking arms!
Are you guys ready ? 
Kyle Kuzma: Still 
Annie Waits will screen before Daphne on 8/11 - 
Check Out Ghostface Killers 
 Hot off the press: “Gut-directed hypnotherapy, friendship, and sexuality: all 
Remember, remember... 
What a game to be apart of last night. Absolutely gutted in the end but the boys put in a proud and gutsy effort. The atmosphere was on another level
The new four-track EP from Dublin-based electronic duo 
Alright you lot, we're closing out the Flying Machine Cafe on Sunday night, 10PM - 4AM, in the Body & Soul Area 
NEW YAEJI OUT NOW 
We hope you enjoyed Creature. If you missed it skip to 1:38:00 for the exclusive. Out Thursday! Fanx 
OUR STATE OF THE ART LUXURA LAY DOWN SUNBED HAS JUST BEEN RE-TUBED!
Much love to one our favs 
Another sneak peek of the latest 
Reignite that flame you once had inside you. 
“Yet I am confident I will see the Lord’s goodness while I am here in the land of the living.” Psalms 27:13 // I want to encourage you Family! You will see your miracle! You will see your breakthrough! You will see God come through on your behalf! Stand firm on His promises! 
This jacket Martin got on.. MY NIGGA
Think you're hot stuff? 
Last night was A LOT of fun, thanks for coming down and joining us 
As the Dubai weather cools 
The 11:FS Team got their $100,000 session with 
Adidas have released their latest Predators and they are 
There's no stopping this man at the moment 
Great win from the boys tonight, in a ledge atmosphere! Buzzing for 
Unreal performance from Wales! 
 Most league goals in 2017 (top 4 tiers; inc. P/Os):87
 | Check out this piece of absolute filth from 
I'm 3years late but the medicine Scheme The Dragonball z bars The Festival scheme on 
Get your tickets to the show! It's gonna be mad 
 Most L1 wins by 3+ goals (17/18):5
Man the Tokyo Dome show is selling out the fastest it has in 20 years. Wrestle Kingdom 12 is gonna be 
Kickass Women, Vol. 1 is available now on Spotify and iTunes!Featuring themes from 
“Tajiri heat” being added to the Los Guerrero’s theme lyrics while Eddie and Tajiri were tag champs was the peak of 2003. 
Many lit fire emojis
The Michigan secondary Straight ballers 
Double fire emojis required for 
24/7 is your hustle! It's so dope to be a part of the 
Mmm hmm precisely why I so appreciate your work 
I still remember my last game in Folsom Field! It's a special and emotional day for our seniors! Let's send these seniors out with the right way by packing Folsom! The Buffalo Heart winner will also be announced Saturday! 
Red Raider Nation doing the Haka and Tomahawk!
Ben Simmons gets asked about being an all star.. cuts off and says: “I wanna win a ring... more than one” 
Yo it’s truly become a routine to go on my lunch break and watch the latest show of  ‘Everyday Struggle’ . Amazinggg
Had to rep south London real quick at the 
 This moment though...
Meet the blacks 2!! This movie is going to be 
New Smokepurpp produced by Ronny J 
I got a prerelease copy and it is 
Only 10 days left to get 
NEXT: After a MASSIVE performance in 
She Wanna Get It in 
ENOUGH TALKING! JUST WORK!
Update: Each piece was 
It’s going down TONIGHT!!!!   My boys, 
With Papi and  Dan Le Batard danlebatard 
I pass out in every single club no matter what. I deserve an award for getting too lit and never having hangovers
Now those are three hot dogs. 
NEW EPISODE THIS THURSDAY  .....After your all STUFFED and WAKE UP from your THANKSGIVING food… 
 is my new obsession! What's not to love... These are some of the best writers, always a great storyline. Keeps you on the edge of your seat. The action, the actors are top notch and have great chemistry! Not to mention how hot 
Enter NOW for a chance to win an exclusive pregame meet and greet with 
You bet! My thoughts are it was quite emotional for me. I was able to really dissect and uncover why I act the way I do and able to work on your chapter suggestions to work on taking the certain mask off. So far it’s been working and making s huge difference in my life. 
All my favorite music right now. Check out what I’m listening to on 
It's time for the best chefs of the week to meet their competition. 
Save 20% on gift vouchers! 
Beautiful lift and tint by beautybyallieb! 
Perfect. Enjoy the rest of your evening and week, Ceri 
Save 20%! 
A grand snap of the Hilyard by Insta's katherinewildman (
Crewe comforts. Snap up a £100 monetary gift voucher for just £80. Offer redeemable Jan/Feb 2018! 
Hooray! Great pics 
The best way to start the day. 
Retweet if you're grilling your turkey over charcoal this year! Be sure to check out our best tips before you fire it up! 
Check out the making of the All Falls Down music video: 
Oh man, they did not disappoint. This album is 
evergreen jam ...wofe Dami duro ooooo ,then don't know 
 30% OFF ON ALL ITEMS UNTIL MONDAY 
Belly Squad x Section Boyz - Sun Goes Down 
*THE* Friday night soundtrack from 
. Tomorrow Night. Join us for a massive night of new music with .
LISTEN BACK TO THAT NEW NEW 
if you need new music to listen to, check out 
Interesting times in Zimbabwe, is it a case of out of the frying pan and into the fire 
Day 1- Hell of a Hill! 
What. A. Night. 
 8 fights, 8 finishes 
 "I am the new fighting pride of Liverpool." 
The weekend is going to be. 
- This Ones Going Off!@BossmanBirdie & 
The new lounge in the Farmhouse 
The lack of women leaders is a national emergency. 
London bound tomorrow to cook with 
H A W K // Massive lines again for 
Oh yea. Neil and I bring the 
 "Take back control" was half right. The mistake? It should have been from London, not Brussels. 
Got some pork in the smoker. If you’re near The Swan this evening pop in for some BBQ
Only just rubbing our eyes and waking up and see this from 
Another picture of a jet of fire 
Looking good Huw (even though we say so ourselves!) 
'Love Me Tender' 
Grand soft Irish summer day for little fire project with 
It's all gravy... until it's not! Hit up our hotline from now through Thursday. We're here to answer all your Qs. 
Racism is the only thing he's Fantastic 4(fantastic for), cause that's how he gets his rock off, he's orange. Sheesh 
 Don't forget to register on the Asper Career Portal before sep 30 to automatically enter the prize draw 
The Suburbs!! Blast from the past by the amazing 
 And that's a wrap! 
It’s Bonfires day! Listen here 
Finished off a 4-game homestand today with a 4th win! 
From learning how to control fire 
This article, so much more than a review, is white-hot 
Ok, this is just getting ridiculous.Hinostroza in the shootout, again! 
Well the boys found another thing to do! Awhh! 
The weather may be cooling down but @atlas_atlanta has the perfect cocktails to warm you up! 
Today we’ve been enjoying this new little book by 
Help him out !!!  
December 16th - Hamilton, ON. 
[WHO WON?] KOTD: Rap Battle- 
Word, that gotta be 
On my third watch gentleman. Good fuck SHIT! 
Back to winning ways! Had to dig deep towards the end but it was all worth it! Fans were immense 
ya boi here back with a new 1 hour mix of all the house bangerz and techno beatz 
Filming RAISING THE BAR 6 tmrw w 
"I'll kill this in a sec, but I never settle for second" DO NOT SLEEP ON DREADS
Said this many times your killing it bruv soon blow 
Yooo! The new episode of Qulinez Radio Show is now online! 
Qulinez Radio Show - 03 is OUT NOW! 
Releasing our new track 'Moving Pieces' tomorrow! 
 s/o DNA and K-Shine for the 2on2 rap battle . URLtv & QOTR 
Have bullets spitting outta tee (tea) like ain't no sugar in this shit- 
Dealers and robbers x MoStack x J Hus 
 bro Brooklyn fucking with you. Let's works
Very excited to make my debut at 
When the squad is back together 
"So Far So Good"
Lit times @ armada invites sessions today. Thanks for letting us throw down ! ! 
Next Friday is gunna be naughty 
this little kid just did the best A - Z / 1-10 challenge omg snsksksk 
Absolutely mega free download from 
Buy Buy Buy! 
i think we owe meek an apology 
“DJ is a fraud. He needs to man up and fight me”Hear our conversation with 
We are buzzing to announce that we have added a SOLARDO sessions tent to ABODE in the park festival 
Our new single “Light It” with 
Testing out my new live rig for the first time at 
Throwback what a mix, Gucci Mane B2B Boards of Canada flames 
THE COUNTDOWN IS ON ! 
Ps I hope your all runing out to go get the new hollow one ep on 
Updated our REAL SHIT. Spotify playlist.w/ 
The right kind of vibe for your Wednesday 
 - Forever!! The whole ep is amazing. This. Is. How. You. Make. Deep. Tech. House!!! Coming soon on 
One for the DJ sets this weekend, get it locked and loaded from 
My EP drops in 3 days!!! Here's a short clip of my track 'Mammut' with some feedback I've received!! 
Can't get enough of 'Right Now' by 
Got that Friday feeling listening to 
My SQUAD GOALS Summer Tour is on 
One of my favorite tunes rn. 
Somebody get this guy a mint 
Mondays are for Makeovers!  I teamed up with 
here's to FEELIN GOOD all the time 
 We’ve added ‘around.away’ to our playlist 
•About last night, when the night were burning•
The love I got for the 
Kid Cudi's next album will be "strictly" produced by Kanye West 
 What FIRE track do you want 
1Million!!!!!
Happy to finally release the Remixes EP of my last single with my boys 
YOUR SONGS SOUND LiKE iNTROS TO ROBO COP 7 
Only the good vibes up in here! 
This collab!!!
Um, Chrissy Teigen just got the COOLEST new bangs 
Who's excited for this one?? 
 y’all I just listened to the EDC set.....
As you wished :) Uploaded our set from 
What a blast this was! Check out what went down at 
Yeaaa tone!!! 
7:55 1H | TCU 35 - Omaha 14TCU still 
Thank you E-Zoo, the pikachu will live on! 
Retweeted Native Instruments (
We are ready for 2018, BRING IT ON! 
November 22nd Thanksgiving Eve 
TODAY!!!!!
THIS Saturday November 18th 2017 
 EUROPE GET READY!! 
TONIGHT  Harlem will never be the same 8pm-2am "The Harlem Renaissance" begins  
YO! Check em' out...
CMC$ & CADE - Thinkin’ Bout Myself 
 was so sick !!! 
“Otw” x DJ Luke Nasty still 
Free hot chocolate outside the Lair!! Compliments of 
NEW SHOW!! 
Amsterdam last week at RAI was crazy! 
Okay guys check this new record with my bro 
‘Purple Evenings Mixtape’ my jam for the rest of the year
Listen to NELL X RELL - THINK FAST Prod. By WILLY D by N3_LL 
It's not a trap! 
 FUNK CANNON       America Tour      (THE MOVIE)        OUT NOW! 
Dark Divine is officially out! Available to purchase now on 
So much love for Baltimore, such an amazing time tonight, we’ll see you next year! 
BALTIMORE! We’re at Soundstage tonight, doors at 7:00 & we play at 8:50, come hangout! 
Sold out show in Toronto tonight - if you were able to get a ticket, we’ll see ya there! 
Tonight!Fit For a King & In Hearts Wake with like Moths to Flames and more at Park Street Saloon 
Come check out the local boys 
A massive thank you to everyone who purchased & streamed Dark Divine 
Happy Bonfire Night! 
Some footage from last night from 
This weekend will be, as the kids say, lit. 
Come get wasted for under $10 with 
WIN A CHANCE TO HAVE A YEAR OF FREE SHOWS! 
 your show in farnborough was good doe boom
If you love them as much as I do you know what to do!! 
THEY’RE HERE !!!!!! MAJOR EXCITEMENT LEVELS !!!!! 
What sounds better for a new segment on my show airing my new track of the week ?
 Heard A Man Say - Don E 
When it’s all kicking off tomorrow 
When LIFE dictates how the TING GOES... this happens 
"When Things Go Wrong, Its Not What You Have That Matter's But What You Have Left" 
Your boys back with the hottest lunchtime show right now 
 ayyyyy sickkkk!!! live 
 NOW RIGHT NOW!!! 
Oiiiiii mans made it onto the 
HUGE thank you to Steph Nieuwenhuys for spinning our single 'Glowing' last night on 
TOMORROW NIGHT - We’re dabbin’ out  with 
Mo Stack + 2018 + 
Your favourite is back in stock
New freestyle: ‘Give N Go’ 
I forgot how good that sound system is in fabric rm1 - amazing
Madji’k "In & Out Of Love" out NOW! This Track is FIRE 
 I can’t wait to hear the new 
Really need to get to work but can't stop raving to the new Special request album 
When you test a mixdown in the car and it's straight 
 FIRST OF MANY. 
I honestly think Philly on some shit 
 Here's one hot 11-month 
Hey there, check out our new account! Give 
Remember, remember the 5th of November... Happy Bonfire Night from everybody here at Cornerstone. 
Kim and the Love Crew are at Aldershot’s Manor Park for the 
Spring Tour dates around the UK plus London Xmas show Dec 14th tickets now available! Get 'em while we're hot!! 
Almost at 4 Million views 
EDMONTON! Are you READY?! 
Amazing performance from the team against the big ManU. 
London pals, if you're at a loose end tonight, go see 
If this is any sign of what's to come, we aren't ready!! 
Finally recovered from Sunday night, 
Just another day at the office 
Indi Cowie has more skills than you ever will... 
What’s more cozy than fire, whisky and bbq? Snuggle up tonight our Buffalo House pop up 
Student poet Donald Val 
| All aboard the show-boat 
You know the tee gifts are 
Pretty comfortable scoring set up here at 
nice to get 90 minutes tonight great display from the team // & thanks to all the fans for the support 
My brothers latest video!!
Parcour Part 2!!
We've got the sauce. No ketchup, just sauce. HOT sauce.Our Wild Bunch 8pk is FULL of hot sauces from around the world - perfect for setting your tastebuds on fire! 
repost via @divvypic from 
In 5 days !!! 
Ain't no Party like A PAPI Party !! 
If NOLA brings it like BMORE, Saturday is about to be 
I’m good with a great 
Rajon Rondo threw an alley-oop off his head to Eric Bledsoe at the Kentucky Alumni game. 
Shaq drops a Lavar Ball diss track 
if you're petite (or just like a very short dress), this velvet bardot situation is 
This darts final! 
 Most league goals in 2017 (not inc. PENS; top 6 tiers):28
**BIG BREAKING NEWS COMING IN** after lengthy discussions We have managed to agree terms with 
Un deseo que nunca se apaga...
This was super fun. A must-listen for any crossover NBA / 
Last week: 6.0 sacksThis week: TOUCHDOWN!
Bucs rookie O.J. Howard has been putting in work this season 
Zion Williamson scores 27 in home opener 
 is revolutionizing what it means to be a powerful gay man on television. 
Come and get cosy with us this afternoon
I ain't have a shoulder to lean on but I gotta soda to pour my lean in ! 
GO SHARE THAT SHIT ME AND 
BE HONEST !! 
PURPLE WAX TEXAS HITS VOL 1 (TEXAS TO THE WORLD) mix by 
Proz Taylor — '1000 Nights In Hell' out now: 
Some of the football we played today was a joke
Epic! Is in the building 
Great performance from the lads beating Costa Rica 2-1. Get uppp quarters next 
Car journey to Newcastle is gonnaaaaaa be Gasssed up ...
Great team performance after the international break from all the boys today. Salah on 
Bring your purses and wallets out this weekend is about to get 
The Magician is Back! 
The boys are on fire tonight 
GOAL!!! 33 MINS Jack Beckett 
Announcement on December 1st has got us excited and a little nervous at the same time.We might even bring it forward, stay tuned!!!
Great win against the Dragons on Friday...the young boys are on 
 yaaaaaassss for the 1st time my favourite wins. Go 
Nice little pick me up from @adidasrugby after a tough start to pre-season. Big thanks to 
 After demolishing Real Madrid last night, are 
Made sleeping a way more easier 
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain: "We're in good form after beating Arsenal 4-0 last week." 
IRISH CUP CHAMPIONS WHAT YOU AT 
"Tough to stop these boys". 
 players pushing the limits with another heavy game ahead today 5pm V 
 will start 3Weeks of double headers journey today! Tough & only in 
Boys working hard in the 33 degree heat! 
Ness logs for sale! 
If Lyon NEVER sold their best players XI! 
Good Luck to the Masters 045s and U16s in cup action today 
We’ve got the fire lit and the beer on the go!! Cosy up with a beautiful pint of 
What a beautiful winter porter! A staff favourite, watch the envy on our faces as you take a seat by the fire with this warming tipple... 
Holy Jeebus that Morrisons  vindaloo is scorchio 
The big juicy double dry-hopped double mango lassi IPA everyone's been waiting for 
Happy Bonfire night! 
 starts today!Big up to the small indies pushing boundaries and publishing what they love 
What a great vibe in the gym this morning. Every Saturday morning 10am. What a place. 
The replies to this are all hot fire 
Hopefully next time I bump into 
LAST NIGHT WAS LIT 
@bmile180 z new movie 'Come Around' iz out tical, link in my profile 
Temps are dropping, but our 8-1 
This will get a dad motivated!!!! My son classichosoi landing it before me!!! 
Nothing like smoking blunt slides with my brother in Christ!!! 
Black Hosoi Sky Rockets!!! 
Hope you are all having a blessed Sunday!!! 
That was insane!!! 
Memories!!! 
Tonight is going to be powerful! 
Endless is hyped!!! 
Walk through ancient history!! 
Today’s Finds!!! 
Ohana and neck tats!!!
Happy Birthday to Indy Team Rider Emmanuel Guzman! 
 PRO BOARDS are HERE! 
DROPPIN SOME HEAT FOR WINTER 
TONIGHT!!! DRINKS, MUSIC, DANCE, PIIIIIIIIZZZZAA, and KEEN ONE rickyssobe , ITS GONNA BE LIT 
Terminal Tip: Use curly brackets to speed up the creation of multiple files with similar names:
Tomorrow is the day! The 
This Kickstarter is on fire for a very good reason. 
: We are honored to have been named one of Boston's 50 on Fire in Technology! Congratulations to the other winners. 
Look fly and dry in our official 
 welcome React Native Firebase to Open Collective! 
 The -h flag is often short for "human readable" for things like memory/disk space amounts.Try:df -h [disk space usage]free -mh [ram usage]du -h [current directory size]
If you haven't taken the time to learn about Angular Elements, I highly suggest you find 5 minutes to read this preso by 
 Since :before and :after are first class CSS Grid items, this “lines on either side” design can easily be accomplished in ~10 lines of CSS
Check out our latest ep. 'Signature Research', ft. the genius of 
 In Emmet,  you can use $@15 to start numbering from any number.
The dojo!! 
Thanks to all the sponsors of the last meetup, the next one will be awesome! Jul 22nd. 
Oh wow ... this one's 
 Instead of blowing up small, in-app icons for your landing page, try putting a shape behind them and giving them a background color.
Developing Real-time Apps with Meteor 
Welcome to be club bro. 
If you are a technical writer:Take time to read the source.Again, take some time to read the source.It will make your articles the single source of truth! 
JavaScript Essentials you should know! RT so that beginner sees this! 
forLoopNewsletter is the new credit bank alert 
Spent my project time last night making Winamp2-js support skin-defined transparent regions. 
 YESSS. Our official _pure_ closure compiler integration is ready for testers. TESTERD NEEDED
Ehhyyy Yeba.. Love love this jam by kiss Daniel!
Preview of <link rel="serviceworker"> in Chrome. Installs a Service Worker declaratively in a document 
"I got the sauce...no ketchup...just sauce...raw sauce" 
 All the way up ... feeling the heat already 
Listen to this amazing song my guy 
Check this tune out. Pure 
2Baba/ Vector/ Raw Live  
Listening to THEY. - Truth Be Told (ye. remix) on 
This is the Akwa Ibom woman's weapon of choice when she makes up her mind that your soul is hers. Trust me, you are helpless under the spell of this 
When the tune is so hot the mixer burns 
 Man’s international now fam
S/O The Fake "
Is you ready or nah ?? 
Have you coped our last ep calls 
Enter NOW for a chance to win an exclusive pregame meet and greet with 
 to the many faces of duraflame. Different looks, same exothermic quality. 
If you watch this video around a fire, you’ll be watching someone watch a fire while also watching a fire. The future is here. #
Best Player In The Country Olaijah Griffin!!! Next Deion Sanders!!! 
What happens when you get a bunch of 
Kicked off the holiday season HOMEGATING with 
These Niners Color Rush uni's are straight 
 MY CHAMPION!! 
Ciro Immobile has scored 6 goals in his last 6 games for Lazio. 
As the dew turns to frost, bring the heat
 8 fights, 8 finishes 
Odyssey is the #1 putter at the WGC-HSBC Champions, a field of the world’s best. And BTW, our boy 
Forget Pirlo. Forget Scholes. Our midfield maestro 
Tag someone with an arm and accuracy!! 
Tony Hicks against Glasgow on Sunday: 27 points8 assists4 rebounds 4 steals75% from the field+/- + 29 All in 30 minutes 
In today’s edition of the Surrey Ad, my report on Surrey’s convincing win against Manchester last week - featuring a lights out shooting display from 
Our boy @Gods_mvp7 representing on the global 
 | THURSDAY'S AT 
If you're brave enough, you can even have a shot of melting some metal yourself 
Hottest mixtape of the year dropping soon?!?
Our latest playlist is here featuring 
The Arts Resource Team (ART) is on 
MELLO WE SEE YOU
 bumpin BPM with my man Ben Harvey running the show! Always 
thanks for spinnin my song this week 
Despite the cold Philly was on fire last night 
I got that new new for you! My 
every time I see 
 "Don't worry" neatt
They may be covered in donut crumbs but 
MOST FIRE PICS EVER!!! 
Always great making memories with 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
THANK YOU EDC ORLANDO !! 
Forget the AMA's my SHAMELESS senses are tingling. 
Artist to watch! Sister is 
Dorothy what's meaning or how did you come up with album new name 
July 9th is gonna be LIT!
"Take That!" by 
Stoked to visit New Orleans for the first time this weekend! If you’re in the area come watch me and 
Wild make up that actually survived the show! We danced in some 
ITS FINALLY OUT! New one w/ 
South Africa is doing bits rn. 
EL PASO y'all came in with the sauce... ooo 
, ya'll blew my mind 
ABOUT A WEEK AGO 
Testing new track...  
Eptic b2b nyquil b2b honey tea 
If y’all wanna come get lit with me for my birthday come to 
testin out a new one by the homies 
So... Last night was kinda definitely high key crazy, LA. 
Bro safari is gonna be 
Here's the final clip of our video demonstrating the set-up of the audio-technica System 10 Pro! Thank you 
Here's part 2 of our 3 minute video demonstrating the set-up of the audio-technica System 10 Pro! Thank you 
Here's part 1 of our 3 minute video demonstrating the set-up of the audio-technica System 10 Pro! Thank you 
This Friday I’m releasing merch AND a sample pack. Who’s ready?
Heart medz coming through the portals of Space Time. We are One. Activation point Arcata Tonight! The Jam at 930. It will be the Jam. 
This week las two tour dates. Paris on Friday and then Bilbao 
lost my head when this came on last night 
previewed some new music last night 
Great dane and sumthin sumthin
KIKI - ICKY BANGS !  Got the Whole tape on repeat tho   
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% SITEWIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
This Saturday 11/25 it’s going down in Sacramento! TY Fest is gonna be so lit with 
8 days until TY Fest in Sacramento with 
10 days until TY Fest with 
11 days until TY Fest...got your tickets? 
Definitely one of my favorite remix!
I was so hype listening to this set at the gym 
 your EDC set was dope af! Straight 
Shout out to all my headbangers! Wow what a show! Seattle/Tacoma was 
 you caused one of the biggest mosh pits I’ve seen in a couple months. you changed the whole mood when your set came on
Great result away from home, much more like us 2nd half! The boy 
 NEW MUSIC FRIDAY!
Today feels kind of special to me! It's the first release of my own label inharmony Music!! Andrew Rayel - Mass Effect 
Clearwater, Montreal and Denver this week 
LA can't wait to be back this weekend, playing 
EDC ORLANDO kineticFIELD 2:56PM 
Been playing this huge tech trancer in my sets over the summer and the reaction has been mental! 
Our first EDC this Friday, then we are back in Atlantic City, Saturday 
Last night in London was lit 
Weekend mission #1 : Friday in London IllumiNaughty 
The fifth food group 
TRABANCA with JUNIOR is OUT NOW! 
WHAT A NIGHT!! 
Can't wait to play for you guys tomorrow during the 
 What FIRE track do you want 
Bring back that MIAMI HEAT!!! 
Joe Stone is bringing the heat in tomorrows guestmix 
Throwback to Spinnin' Sessions at ADE 2017 last week when 
Woohoo! New weapons are about to be cooked
Flying out to Vegas tomorrow for a weekend in the studio with my bro 
A new Contagious Radio is online NOW! 
 How many new IDs did you play last night at 
Done! They are so cool
Any gamers in the house? Are you a multiple high score smasher? Come see what you can do on these puppies! 
u awake? well then you better cop one of these at midnight 
 HOT release! My brand new remix on In Sessions Recordings (
We are super excited to finally announce our 
Galcher’s Blowing Up The Workshop dropped 4 years ago 
My list of the top 5 
Track is so good guys! Very excited for release and glad to see such good support so quick!! 
What an awesome show that was! What did you guys think??? If you love what you heard tonight there's plenty more where that came from when we drop 
1 DAY LEFT.... ARE YOU READY?
2 days left....
NEW MUSIC, OUT NEXT WEEK!
 Still doing damage in the livesets! 
All the Seahawks players & the Titans stayed in the locker room during the national anthem! Now they walk on field linking arms!
LISTEN BACK TO THAT NEW NEW 
The "Love So Soft" 
Last Night Went Off 
no thank you for putting it on & shutting it down !!
His return was legendary last night! Was good to have you back home 
ALL UR FAVES ARE ON 
KAT'S BOX:  
HOT SHOW ALERT:  11/20 
This tour begins in exactly ONE MONTH!! 
INGRID GOES WEST nominated for two Spirit Awards: Best First Time Screenplay and Best First Time Feature. Congrats 
AHHHH! Can't wait for 
Dropping some fire on my instagram soon. Stay tuned
Heat up your lunch today w/ our Queso Flameado, cheese casserole with chorizo, served over warm tortillas & prepared right at your table
13 straight wins for the Celtics 
"That TSA line is on 
"Ugly God, where you been at?" "What you been working on?""You better come back with some fire."RT for this right now. 
No other people I’d rather be kick ass with 
Don't miss out the chance to win a free beat produced by MAJOR producer, 
Some nights just call for a whiskey! Enjoying this 
Yess!!  selenagomez for 
Wow! I'm blown away by the 
RnBass Radio is back with another Episode #12 w/ 
  -  GOAT 2.0 Feat. waleOUT NOW!!! 
Massive thank you to everyone that made it down to our show  
Oh man, Kyrie is feeling it! 
Tickets go onsale from 1pm today!! Ima have some new fire 
 NEW COMPILATION: Kitsuné Afterwork, Vol. 1 
Or Blonde And Bitchin......,..,.,,
« What is civilization? It’s a woman free to live as she wants! » SHANTARAM. 
First ever time playing ‘Why Georgia’ -   
Didn't know how much I needed the 
Calling all my Irish creatures! Don't forget to pick up a ticket for my show at the 
I was pleasantly surprised by this phone! It’s 
BANGER video coming out tonight.ft. AVENGERS  
Well this is exciting!! I
Back in Brighton, had to be done. 
All new songs All new set 
First game goes to Ninjas with the score 16:9 
ASAP Rocky giving a speech at oxford university and freestyles at the end 
New Flo Rida Merch OUT NOW 
 is a wrap and it was another successful event! Grats to 
Shaun Livingston behind-the-back showcase 
Baby, it’s cold outside.Grab your blanket, settle into your giant beanbag and keep cosy in the Snow Kingdom - you’ll never want to leave! 
Come discover & try our new S-DRAK helmet at 
S-DRAK & X-DRAK: 2 new models from 
Preparar las luces que llega 
How's my 250 sherco looking for erzberg? 
 Most Fantasy Football pts.
Spanish Flatbread, with olive oil, goat cheese, roasted red pepper, kalamata olives, caramelized onions, cherry tomatoes, and rosemary. 
That’s P2 for us for tomorrow’s 
The ‘Honey Habanero Chicken Sandwich’ exclusively at American Home Cooking 
‘The Po’ Boy’-spiced popcorn shrimp on an organic buttery soft bun with spicy comeback sauce, lettuce and tomato
Popcorn shrimp, chicken and waffles and Stax fries = your fantasy brought to life 
i spent some time figuring out how to play 
If you know me you know I’m ALWAYS supporting 
ready for the dP Championship's second odc ?? 
WE DEF GIVING BACK 
TONIGHT FROM 12-2AM POWER 105.1 WITH 
 Can’t wait to try the single shot servings 
Make sure y'all check out this new 
 we gone drop that Chaz record this Wednesday!! 
seriously best party ever 
Season 1 premiere episode is out and it's 
This weekend's OVERTIME is 
I CANT WAIT FOR TOUR !! Come meet me ! Tickets are available now 
Photo shoot today ayeee 
11 goals through 3 games and we'd have to say our offense is still on 
So the squad wanted to celebrate 
Honored to be SI top fashionable athlete in the 
Big time players make big time plays. Nuff said. 
Let’s go Tez!!! 
My friends: WYD tomorrow night? Me: 
It’s Litty Again 
Good luck to our Fernies!
"Being ready, fire" 
Please go and support the multi talented songwriter& Artist 
Behind the scenes pics of the last recording for thenexxedupshow 
So ready for a spa day, but this weekend has been straight 
Don't miss out on these offers - save 25% 
bluesky_fiji .. Where it all began .. 
When they seek heat .. 
The temperature is dropping but the racing is only getting hotter
A huge well done to everyone who completed their 
Okay I don't know how many times I have been listening to this song but its a banger 
Great show!!! More on Wednesday! Back at 
Last night, the line up 
Mo's killing the game out here 
Trapping & Rapping nigga what’s your purpose!! 
“ Gotta get in a better position ”- 
Keep thinkin my album is done, then I write some more 
GIRL YOU HAVE FREAKING BROUGHT TOGETHER DOZENS ON RANDOS IN THE 
Self-actualization needs - realizing personal potential, self-fulfillment, seeking personal growth and peak experiences. A desire “to become everything one is capable of becoming” 
SUPER SATURDAYS AT THE BELL
SATURDAYS WITH DJ MARK T ARE 
Big week starts tomorrow 
It’s goin down @ Base Dubai tonight. Dope AF club in the desert, what a great idea. Set time 1:30am
 THIS SONG IS A PROBLEM!!! 
You know how it is...1. Bring on 
Key Clubbers are going to be looking 
‘Gamberi alla griglia’ Prawns in their Shell, cooked  on the chargrill 
Am best cook. Next Gordon Ramsey. 
BONFIRE RALLY. TONIGHT AT 7PM. GREEK THEATRE. DOORS OPEN AT 6. SEE YOU THERE.
JULIUS RANDLE with the MONSTER block! 
300 limited edition pairs will be available this weekend at 
I’m so excited to be joining everybody on this new show next year ‘Dance To The Music’ 
We are so excited to announce 'Dance To The Music' a brand new show for January/February 2018.. Not to be missed 
New video just released for J. Roddy Walston & The Business' single "The Wanting"! 
A big happy birthday to Bash Brother 
"Our bodies aren't battlegrounds for your life lessons." - Kelsey Ford 
THIS DECEMBER I’m playing 
Beautifully bred 2yo filly TERMINOLOGY (Star Witness/Taylor’s Command) wins in convincing style in her debut trial. Aiming for 
Our resident angling guru 
 The domestic torch relay started today!! 
Stop by our North Hills Locker Room Sale and we'll hook you up 
Let's burn the Parc des Princes all together
Genet. I love you. The Balcony opens tomorrow. Step into the brothel 
Amazing workshop today, thank you 
the show last night was amazing. Loved every minute of it 
Need a poetry fix? The lovely 
GOAL! GOAL! GOAL!He is absolutely unstoppable right now! Albert Adomah opens the scoring 
We see you, Channing Tatum 
One show down, two to go!! 
Tonight's the night, our second showcase at Soho House - 12 actors, 1 stage, a non stop storyline - LET'S GO!!! 
I never, literally never, thought I’d say this, but the new Harry Styles song is 
“Not just smouldering… Absolutely scorching.”“Giovanni’s dancers are as good as any you will see on the television show.”Just some of the Reviews of Dance Is Life last year and in 2018, 
The End of the F***ing World is an effing triumph 
Today's show was absolute 
So our man Gareth has been nominated for 
We're looking for dedicated people to join our front of house team. Food & drink PASSION required 
Crunchyroll here with the LATEST DEVELOPMENTS on our top story 
Preparing for today's Messy Church about heaven. It's not a place but a person; not a destination but an on-going journey; not then but now
Is wanting our Sunday Schools to grow again for the church's, the leaders' or the children's sake? Shouldn't we become disciples together?
Exciting to hear of the growth of Holland's version of Messy Church these last 2 days
Adriana Lima's boots though 
Triple digits again?  Let’s go! 
Great connecting with you, kaka 
The Rams’ audibles for Jared Goff are 
I had the great opportunity of being part of the Sketch Hackathon Berlin 2017 organised by 
Today we launched a major update 
Tomorrow is release day! 
. Available tomorrow at RF19 in NYC.
So looking forward to hosting the Languages track at 
Tonight the team is Lit!!! Come turn up with us at 
THIS SAT IM COMING HOME
Our favorite part of every Tuesday night. 
Dance party in the end zone 
BOOM! Another one added to the 
These 30 under 30 entrepreneurs are disrupting the marketing and advertising industries. 
Today, although a home game, still have to have a great pre-game meal.  Enjoying a stop at Juan del Fuego in Norman, Ok 
Even after six months, the winning entry of this custom A2000 1787 is still 
MIKE ANDRY IS MR MARSHALL 2017! 
The Jarrod West Game
(1997) Rod Strickland dancing on the defense. 
All Things Work Together by Lecrae. 
TODAY→The House will vote on the Resilient Federal Forests Act to improve forest management & reduce the risk of catastrophic 
RETWEET to thank the men & women who risk their lives protecting our communities & fighting the growing 
But everybody knows when im on the move early AM its 
In case you missed the sunset at 
Maggie DeJong with a kill to give the Cards a 10-9 lead in game five against UNC! 
Ayyy back to back babe 
Wrote a script for Mike Reilly.He went rogue&destroyed 
We are the champions! Congratulations 
Another try for the Big Green! Scored by Camille Johnson, assisted by the fierce forwards 
Still not excited for the 2017/18 season? Give this 
The 30 for 30 about Baker Mayfield is gonna be 
New batting practice caps for 2018. 
Blazing fire and John Doherty 
Fresh SHOW bats on their way to Cincinnati for 
Can't wait to use my new 
  smoking in our HOT FIRE smoky eye shadow palette 
Friday Date Night Set in farrierdraper in the creativequarter.ie with 
Check Out Ghostface Killers 
Nothing better than waking up with a blank canvass & by the end of the day a full song is created! Smashed it today 
2 nights at the Roxy! HUGE wkend 
Thank you Copenhagen! What a night ...rolling 4hrs with 
 You Never Cease To Amaze Me! You Are The Truth!!! 
So there’s a brand new 2LP from Equiknoxx, out right now. Their debut album proper in fact. Limited vinyl…!!!! 
The beauty of crew tings is flaunting your events for more reach! Yes yes my cosies people! Do da ting 
LISTEN BACK TO THAT NEW NEW 
Big k vs pass is 
Fire and Ice clash in Dortmund 
Bigg!!!! Go run and get it 
Bad session in Amsterdam !! 
RT TO WIN! NAKED 4SUM BUNDLE! 
Are you as hyped about Top Boy Season 3 as us? Check out 
Who is Ready For Nov 27 
“Burn it up!” 
IT’S ON NOW!!
Big ups man like 
Check out this highlight!                          JUNIOR YEAR
Dropping my ADE video very soon 
Round 2 vs NHS 
Tonight in NYC! We are 
New York! We are live 
For a dose of the best dancehall and DnB, listen to this incredible 
 is officially done with Senate delays on DOI picks. Demands "immediate action." 
Who's getting lit with us on DEC 23 
 I LOVE THIS MUSIC 
Need some fuel for the weekend? You can now DL our full Escape Halloween set for free here: 
EDC ORLANDO WAS DOPE!!
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
Heavyweight cuts unmixed & in full... Most Rated 2018 drops next Friday! 
No better way to celebrate the start of 
We're happy to announce...
From last nights Sunday Sweeney Session aka HEADZ 
The Shirt To End All Shirts 
NFL PLAY OF WEEK 11
Duo recreates BTS & EXO's MV with zero budgetThanks 
Second ever T20 hundred goes to Mooney, absolutely amazing! 
Glute Activation is a trendy topic right now and with good reason. 
TONIGHT IT'S GONNA GET SERIOUS w/ 
NEXT: After a MASSIVE performance in 
On saturday I experienced some “Horsepower” in the end of my set. What a bomb from R&S records back in the days 
YoungstaCPT probably dropped the hardest verse in the rap industry in S.A this whole year wow 
THE AIR is Vietnamese boy group who just debuted on 12 November 
Last night w/ the homie 
I honestly can't wait
Watching the American Music Awards thanks to 
She makes the short sleeve jerseys look 
So excited to share this with yall
My Peach Cobbler drink Mix is 
Myrtle Beach rockers! 
We wanna give y’all some new 
After sickness and surgeries left 
Can’t get this new 
Just put up a demo of this brand new 
Now we have 280 characters we can use this space to shout-out to the UK venues we're touring to in (late 2017 &) 2018! 
Them boys put in work yesterday! 
H E ' S 
Migos' album "Culture 2" will drop in January 
ASAP Rocky says “Flacko Season about to drop real soon” 
The whole baccwards feeling album 
When you burn the roof of your mouth at dinner but still need that hot 
How much does your commute cost (or save) society? Walking and biking are 
The Realist Showrunner in the game my man Joe...
Always remember—at any moment, it can all go up in flames… 
Let us remember: Black/Dream from 
Spice up your dinner at House of Blues Restaurant & Bar open Tuesday - Saturday! 
It's time for the end. 
The "Love So Soft" 
I have something HUGE in the works for New Years.... Valentine is about to change everything in Brooklyn
Do yourself a favor and make your Monday lit and go check out this new song n video by 
Spent the day in the studio finishing up our album. Can't wait to drop 
Today I play tech pundit on 
Yung bans definitely my favourite rapper rn
Set The City On Fire 
“Caskets” video OUT NOW
ONE OF THE HOTTEST HAT DESIGNING COMPANYS IN THE GAME 
 new album is Great nun but 
Luke Evans Posts Steamy Underwear Snap, And Fans Can't Handle It 
Ben Barnes Bares His Butt In Netflix Marvel Series 'The Punisher' (
Pietro Boselli Rocks Skintight White Briefs On Fashion Show Runway 
Kodak Black On some different shit ..... 
 Best concert I’ve been to all year 
Shoreline mafia X Stincteam be droppin nun but straightt heatt 
YO! Check em' out...
Me and M.A. Da Pilot All Again 
.ENT Link in My Bio
Deli Hating On Me X 
Sichuan cuisine is having a moment in New York City right now. Here are five new spots bound to set your mouth on 
 is hilarious! Brilliant work from 
Just hit 1 million streams on Spotify on 'Vessel' 
It's the last day of 
, I'll be playing a day show (which means special day vibe set) at 
Lorenzo Insigne’s absolute screamer last night 
This thread and the discussion quoted within are 
it’s the most wonderful time of the year: 
The COUNTDOWN IS ON!! Only 4 days until
Group 3: Survival 
Good morning peeps. 1yr Anniversary was a SHUTDOWN
LET THE GAMES BEGIN... and may the odds be ever in your favour 
GAME TIME BABY. 
Young boy coming of age... Marcelo on 
24/7 is your hustle! It's so dope to be a part of the 
Very excited for our new styles coming girlsonswim 
Dubai, tickets available now: 
New Music Titled “AVAILABLE” Out Now 
ceo_masterpiece They have come Again Oooo 
One of the best finishers in the game 
I appreciate I'm biased but today's 
What a game! 2 of my favourite teams! Fair play 
Thank you to lovellrugby for sending across my 
Always king! you got that 
I love snowing weather 
Concept + Muse. 
When you need two emojis because Hot Pockets aren’t represented 
FLASH GIVEAWAY [48 HOURS]ANIMATED TOXIC AR-15 SKINLIKE / FOLLOW / RETWEET TO ENTER 
BANGER video coming out tonight.ft. AVENGERS  
Congrats to one of my best friends and mentor 
PHOTO OF THE WEEK
Dave Chappelle. The new stand-up special. New Year’s Eve. 
Tag a friend to try this ULTIMATE chest day finisher with
Big Shaq hits the big time.He's just dropped the official music video for 'Man's Not Hot'!
 is back on Oct 30 w/ a 
LEEDS I’M IN YOU! 
Yeehhhhhhhh not bad, not bad at all 
Top receiver right here!! #228 
My dawg don't be playing! 
7 Years Ago we were blessed with this MASTERPIECE. 
No hard work goes unnoticed. 
I  K N O W. 
The first track from my Bedroom EP is here! Pre-order on 
It's Triple Thirsday! 2shows &Cabaret 
I really wanted to like Justice League, but...i just can't seem to. Give me a whole movie of that first wonder woman scene though
What did you get up to at lunchtime? No protein shakes here. Just sweat and determination with a 
I am pretty sure all is silent ..... !!??
when you didn't get in but had the best time ever 
Two beautiful colts bought today with 
Beautifully bred 2yo filly TERMINOLOGY (Star Witness/Taylor’s Command) wins in convincing style in her debut trial. Aiming for 
Singo’s regally bred LONG TIME AGO (Redoute’s Choice/Once Were Wild) adds Black Type to her page taking out the G3 Summoned Stks 
Bang goes out man Snowy with FUDGED at $8.6 as his top pick wins first leg of the quaddie at Sandown Snowy’s on 
We bring the Worlds Biggest Boat Party to Amsterdam
 takes out the NZ Guineas double! Savabeel posted his 15th individual Gr.1 winner today when 
Can't wait to play in my adopted home state tomorrow in these 
FLAGSTAFF - We can't wait to see y'all at The Orpheum Theater​ for the the 
FLAGSTAFF, AZ - We can't wait to see y'all at The 
GREENSBORO, NC - It's 
GREENSBORO, NC - It's almost 
Impressive Sth African maiden Wnr Roy Had Enough is the 7th 1st crop Wnr for 
 friends! We’re at 
Adelaide Weber Family! Keep your eyes on our friend's 
Canberra! It's time to learn the secrets to amazing 'Low & Slow' barbecue at home with the Southern Hemispheres' only Weber Grill Specialist 
It's the long weekend! What are your barbecue plans? 
What's that? Little flash back 
During his prime Ronaldo was simply unstoppable. 
We can't wait for January & February!! 
Two great athletes that love to be fast! 
New blog post: "The Cost Of JavaScript" 
 The next version of VS code will automatically add your import statements as you use functions from your project
Loads of great stuff on drawing + creativity by 
It's time to treat yo' self, girls! 30% off at 
IP with the MONSTER dunk off transition!Toreros come out the gate on 
 | Three incredible saves! 
Tonight's afterparty is looking 
I was, the covers album. Fire 
free bottle of beer and free tote bag with every purchase on STUDENT DISCOUNT NIGHT 
A few eps in - is good, yes? Punisher = hot. 
When the whole squad is looking 
Want that lovely, warm & snug feeling ? Come on over and enjoy our glorious fire! 
 Our single 'No Fire' is now available on Spotify 
Wow! Live version of 'Glasshouse' by 
Warm up with red hot savings 
Can't wait for our next UK headline shows. Coming to a town near you in Feb. 
I’m just gonna leave this right here 
Fancy building some heat in your body this evening?!?
Check a sneak peak of 'Miramar' one of the two new Universal Solution tunes that are out this Friday! 
The music video for 'enough' just dropped today via 
O R L A N D O Catch me at 
NEW MUSIC OUT NOW 
IT’S TIME FOR THE TECHNOOO 
Wow! Firecracking! 
So good legend! 
Out tomorrow on Elements, this 
 These are my fav Top 10 HOA tracks of last week! 
What a great underground B2B session with 
My Remix of "Crw - Feel Love" doing damage at @ministryofsoundofficial 
My Remix of "Crw - Feel Love" doing damage at 
What A Journey!! Celebrating My 10 Year Residency at 
AYAYAYE my Boiler Room set is now up on Youtube 100% exclusive edits and weird stuff 
Thanks for having me Schwerin!! 
Magnitudo by Saint Sinners is out now!! 
Back at fabric with the man dem this Friday.. big up 
800/1 Man City to beat Feyenoord at home is mental, £4005 off a fiver anyone!?
Everybody's down on their knees... 
Besides, the new song "Secrets" (written by 
Getting a LOAD of hype for our new single on 
Don't forget, my EP 'In Techno We Trust' is available now on Beatport! 
FREE PARTY this Saturday at Stage & Radio 
More fire added for Boxing Day 
Tonight I will be playing at the last 
300pax couldn't get in to the club due to full capacity. Barcelona last night was absolutely huge 
 !! I'm coming back next Saturday 
Super hyped for my first time in 
noahpetersenmusic rocking our OVRDOSE hoodie 
Our ADE Sampler 2017 has been officially released today in all stores! 
#41 traxsource Tech House Top 100 
#84 traxsource Tech House Top 100 
We keep climbing in the Tech House top 100 
Unforgettable moments during ADE I'll never forget! 
I'm proud to announce that "Lick It" is on number # 67 Top 100 Tech House 
BRISTOL... We're coming 
BROOOO WHY HIS ALBUM GOTTA BE SO BOMB AND HES ONLY 18 like yessss 
Tonight!!!
“November” is on the streets
I'm playing with my bro John Dimas this saturday at Яeturn.. Calienteee Barcelona!
Check out WWR latest EP - Loud&Clasiizz 'Underground Way', with remixes from 
YA KIDDING !!! THAT WAS ONE FOR THE BOOKS
Last night was a dream onstage with 
GU NYE (Budapest) with Dave Seaman, Darren Emerson, Danny Howells, Anthony Pappa, Lexicon Avenue, Marcelo Vasami & Darin Epsilon 
Just follow us! 
 This moment though...
3 Days till we set the roof at 
Amazing vibes at 134 Oxford street! 
Fish taco - Hake in beer batter with chipotle slaw. Limited numbers of 
This week: State takeover of 
"I'm gonna mask a rash statement...Doug Pederson is a better NFL coach than Andy Reid." - 
On my way! To get the MRI. It's time to get healthy and come back stronger than before..
Anyone else missin' those blue jean all nighters as much as us? Tag your 
I’m sorry, did I singe you? 
It's getting a bit chilly out there so why not pop into Palominos for a hot drink? We'll even stick the fire on for you! 
Great no gi trains today with Pablo Mantovani.  No gi worlds in 5 weeks.  Bringing some Brazilian heat 
Not yet!! Morata Class tho. I told everyone about Salah last season. He was on 
My favorite rappers as of now are pretty much all from the Bay Area...P-Lo, G-Eazy, IAMSU, HBK Gang. I'm telling you, the Bay is on the come up in the Hip Hop scene. Big time! 
88 glam so fire dawg 
Finally heard the whole album “ BOSS UP IV “ 
The way music hits me! 
NEW WORKOUT: Full Body Fat Burning Workout | 20 Minutes 20 Exercises 
These Madhouse Team Store hats are 
I see you fam this song is 
Been waiting to ride this board for a minute 
Damn Am Costa Mesa Qualifiers went off today! 
Holla if you want the sample pack or tunes 
I have an uncontrollable urge to start headbanging while listening to this send help 
Online this Friday, Nike SB  releases a very special Dunk in conjunction with the Japanese collectible maker Medicom and it is going to be pure wild fire. 
testin out a new one by the homies 
Newly released AW charcoal tracksuit 
ITS FINALLY OUT! New one w/ 
That 623 fired up to get to Norman!!! 
AYE I MADE IT ONTO THIS HALLOWEEN COMPILATION! I'll keep you guys updated on this! I'm SUPER excited! 
You know who’s Gangsta enough to rock a 
Got a new Track w/ 
You have to listen to: Nimez - Let Me Go by Hybrid Trap 
Palmetto Bowl. SEC Nation. 7:30 Kickoff.Williams-Brice will be 
When it's one month to National Signing Day! 
It may be cold outside, but it’s 
Another 4-0 Win today and another goal for me, the team is on 
Ncfc Goals today came courtesy off POM Chelsea Garrett with a hat trick
Decent 2 weeks with the crew
Can't wait to start tomorrow
Feels so good to win both titles this week
Great win for the lads in Cardiff 
Finally finished our shirt wall of fame, our office is really looking good now thank you everyone that help 
Infectious, addictive & damn inspiring... 
Game on!!! Pushed Sydney so deep... felt like that was coming and what a finish from 
Got a peek at the new line dropping Monday from 
What a FANTASTIC evening last night! LONDON you were amazing 
Ohhh 12/9 gonna be 
We're excited to announce that 
2018 Odyssey burning through turn 5!! 
Looking good bud. That would be awesome. Enjoy the fight. 
 | Who needs a blue tick when we have FightTalk coming to our shows?
When the Fascist in Chief retweets the dumbest possible response to your op-ed... 
Flips, whips and tricks starting in 10 mins outside in the stunt area 
NEW EXCLUSIVES IN! 
Great team win fellas! Let’s start another hot streak 
Ain’t no podium like a junior podium. 
90 podium finishes so far in his careerKeep flying iceman! 
Fastest lap from Kimi - 1:12.945 
A glimpse into the future. Terzo Millennio. What a Beauty 
19 for 19...Big Time
Start your weekend off right by reading all about our Oatkan Knights!Checkout the Weekly Update:
They spent their first playoff Saturday burning DBs 
 Yankees win... THIS TEAM 
Fully, unapologetically admit to crying over the end of Iron Man 3 and operation Clean Slate every single time. 
Up and at 'em! Tipoff is early this morning!
We are a day away from getting to see 
It’s crunch time & things are heating up! 
Oklahoma special election- in district 37 which Trump won w/67% of vote - just went to a 26 year-old lesbian named Allison Ikley-Freeman 
Andrei Markov's former Habs teammate is doing damage to his new squad. Alexander Perezhogin's snipe has Avangard up 1-0 on Kazan early! 
The winning streak's not over yet! 11-for-11 on the last two drives, a season-high 385 passing yards, and a 15-point comeback complete. Just another Sunday for 
There’s this great new web magazine called 
A fiery Full Secs from our talented intern Stew Harvey 
Don't miss the amazing work 
This Zayn ft. Sia is 
The focus of Black Women in STEM this weekend is so 
: One word for the new 
Upcoming performance "JAZZ IS DEAD" Dec 14th, 2017 @ LODGE ROOM
Rolling on da Queen K and then into the Energy Lab 
Snotty Nose Rez Kids are coming to Toronto for the first time for a 
Undefeated since Winsday dropped 
Wow Hell’s Kitchen makes all of the bomb artists huh? Love this!!!! 
Lighting up the track!!! 
I need to create a new music playlist that's not labeled "Boat 
Just at home on a Thursday night watching 
XPLOSIVE, XTRAORDINARY, XTREME.. 
 congrats on another one!!! 
We're BACK like we never left! 
ME x Fabolous x Conceited 
 ME x Nick Cannon x Conceited x Hitman Holla "Flava In Ya Ear" Remix!!! On 
GO Watch ME vs Chilla Jones Now!!! 
Blogger friends! I am sending these proofs out next week. The hottest debut for 2018. Don't miss out. Let me know if you want one 
 ight Jefe we ready for the new music, go head and bring the 
 Take Me Away is straight 
New Music: TOP FLOOR - "Same Cloth" [Official Video] 
55k in a week?? Proud of you love! 
And we're LIVE. Chat with the amazing 
Philly, let’s go see 
Portland, ME y’all know how to party! Tonight was 
Two Endless Mugs sold at once!!! Go UCM
FOOK YEAH LADS!  
 Once we get fully funded on 
Yo!! You can catch me in action tonight on bet new show ‘50 Central’ the show airs 10:30pm/9:30c
Hold the phone! Have you seen tomorrow's comedy lineup? 
 this is Tomorrow Night! Going to be 
Rise & shine! 
Good stuff 1. Ekholm absolutely next level right now, both sides of the puck
She Wanna Get It in 
ENOUGH TALKING! JUST WORK!
Mannn! This about to be the BIGGEST thinking I've Shot to Date! "The Juice"
The Internet is on fire! 
Unlike Matt's dart here, September is going to be LIT! Come shake it 
 2 WEEKS TO GO! 
Got a super sweet show to announce tomorrow 
Your next MLA in the Alberta Legislature gets a standing ovation in Calgary Lougheed. Dr Phillip van der Merwe 
Hello, please meet emoji 
Overactive imagination: a Great Eagle of Middle Earth flying over Mt. Prevost 
One Song = Jidenna x MB x Quavo x Sark! 
SUMMER KICK-OFF SALE NOW!Everything in the store is 50% off
Turn the heat up with the new Thermal case
Check out the new Thermal Case! Change the colors with heat
GOATcase spring blow out sale! 50% off store wide! Get everything you want before it's over
Live at 5 Saturday service was 
The weather may be hot, but hell is hotter! 
 spittin' that T Dot Bakardi Slang on the 
JAM THIEVES - AFTER BLAST EPComing soon 
 I’m ready for green bean casserole. 
Sorry about the delay for my challenge Sunday’s! They will Be coming soon! In the mean time here!
No matter how cold it gets, we're always bringing the heat 
Calling all producers. Please send over your 
2K18 Packs & Drafts are out! 
NEW!! Hitman - Come Through FT Vader x Realz [Music Video] - 
BASSFEST NYE THE BIGGEST EVENT IN THE UK ON NYE!LIKE + RT TO WIN...8 SUPER VIP AAA PASSES - LIMOUSINE TRAVEL + £1000 BAR TAB! 
In the store now!! Get it here in 16Bit wav for the same price as mp3 will be next week on full release 
This week's Friction Fire is a huge one from 
Amber Heard looking #
BURN your weakness to ashesIGNITE your strengths to flames
DALLAS! Join us tonight at The Nines in Deep Ellum for CHRIS LORENZO 
“Give me any signal “
Tonight!!! 
Tonight - the first play of 
Can't wait for tonight at my favourite place in the whole world, 
MistaJam - Tom Zanetti and Friends Takeover - 
Floor Plans Now Available for DuEast Condos.  10% Down, average $718 PSF - less than the resale market 
PSR October 2017 Market Report: A quick resale housing analysis with key stats for Toronto + the GTA 
WIN A CHANCE TO HAVE A YEAR OF FREE SHOWS! 
NEW VIDEO! Dell XPS 13 (8th Gen) vs Lenovo Yoga 920 - 
Atlanta, you smart, you loyal, we appreciate you coming out last night to the 
It's GO TIME! 
Coming in hot at #9 of our 
It's day #8 of our 
Please go Subscribe to my channel!Trying to hit 25
All the power you could ever want, contained in a custom designed stealth beast.
Welcome to the family boyz! Looking forward to big things in the near future together  
Rt Watch Veenus_a52 with me!
Win a beatiful AWP Dragon Lore (FN) here 
Make sure to tune in and have some fun! Make some new friends and chat!
Make sure to tune in! You don’t want to miss it! Make sure you turn those notifications on!
  ! JOIN US FOR SOME AMAZING FUN! 
Coffee + Hot Chocolate = 
PLUGGING IN FOR A SHORT 3-4 HOUR STREAM! But you already know it’s gonna be 
The lottery is at 35 million dollars tonight and I spent $500 on tickets if I win I will give one person who likes this tweet 1 million dollars 
If you're reading this you're a mother fucking beast 
I need a squad to grind with 
THIS IS NOT A DRILL! 2 lucky winners can take home ALL of the gaming goodies that you’re seeing below worth $5000+ Enter the competition here: 
Really happy with that round this morning, gave myself plenty of opportunities and the putter was 
J. Cole and Killa D about to drop that heat 
With their season ending, I want to call out what an awesome addition 
6 goals in 4 games. Rachel Hill is on fire! 
Just a week to go till the show at 
Absolutely outrageous line-up to mark our 
TOUR STARTS TOMORROW!!!Can’t wait to take this baby out!
It’s here!!! Our debut album ‘PYRO’ is finally available and has gone in at #34 on the iTunes rock charts. Lets push this baby to #1!
Damian Lillard steps onto the Eastbay cover in his new Dame 4s 
Pure <3 Kiss? by 
Oxford you guys were on fire last night! 
Sheff Peeps!! Tickets - 
Gents no jobs are coming anytime soon. Go buy MoFaya at your nearest wholesaler or demand it if they don't have it. Go push that drink for R10 a piece & make over 80% profits. Gents we are tired of waiting. Stop being broke & make money with me.
King Kotini @rikyrickworldwide is one of the most celebrated rappers in SA. He is known for his unique rapping skill & on stage presence. We are happy to have this award winning ‘Mr Boss Zonke’ returning to the 
Free hairbond body wash when you spend over £29 at 
 Saffiyah Khan launches her first solo Exhibition back in the local community 
YO YO/ I'm so happy to announce that... my first single is out today! TOO SLOW, TOO FAR available here!! 
Beyond excited for all of you to see our new merch, we’ve been working extremely hard on it for the last month. The new ACE Family merch is about to change the game 
In 7 days, the heat is turning ALL the way up! 
The grip of the GTS Alcantara package. A must have when it comes to GTS?Our new demonstrator at 
Honestly, truly, this is such an album 
Guess who's back ! All Metallics including the ever so popular Burnt Copper 
✰WIN!✰ Our Sundays are 'LIT'
Light the club up this Weekend! 
Light up the club this Weekend! 
Tonight! . . LIT ON SUNDAYS 
This SAT.11.NOV we bring the heat with our Ayia Napa Summer Reunion! 
We have lift off!! 
Our Guy this year is provided by the 24th Reigate Beavers! 
So Monday is DONE. 
New playlist adds from our first lady 
63: GOAL FOR 
Come onnnnnnnnn Derby day
Rand Paul why are you so weak with Trump? All talk! You vote with him and act like you are a patriot or somethin. Israel & Saudi must be proud of you, their rep on the spot. Billionaires love you boy 
Autumn and outside fires... bliss 
Lions magazine issue #14 
1 street, 2 bars, 4 individual restaurants, & a huge secret garden. The Prince is gonna be INSANE: 
Real Betis play some serious stuff 
Let’s get it!!! 
A song that is as tipsy-fying as its name.
This team is on fire. Congratulations 
Ayyy! That's the best way to do it 
We can't wait to see 
According to Sixers fans, the new nickname is the "FEDS" (Fultz, Embiid, Dario, Simmons).. the FEDS are coming 
The CWL Analyst desk has made it to the arena for the Global Pro League!
Our Pastrami Western Burger Is Too 
Kickass Women, Vol. 1 is available now on Spotify and iTunes!Featuring themes from 
Maddest turnaround. This was less than 24 hours ago 
Exclusive Q&A with 
Well didn’t think I would ever fan girl...but then 
We can't stop raving about 
DATE FOR YOUR DIARYFeb 17th - Manchester ArenaGroves v Eubank Jr 
“DJ is a fraud. He needs to man up and fight me”Hear our conversation with 
Here is the updated Super-Middleweight tournament bracket! 
 OUT NOW HOT NEW AFROBEAT HEAT WAVE TITLED “OVERLOAD” 
 she's future world champ keep your eyes peeled for 
All sessions were absolutely buzzing tonight
 | Check out this piece of absolute filth from 
Bruh I would bang this in the whip. Migos be making hits by accident 
This one goes Hard 
This is filthy from Zinedine Zidane's son 
Here's ANOTHER ONE 
Finally the Christmas tune is about to drop 
Finally!!! My Christmas Jam by 
We've got 2 
I'm on my NY shit.... 
What a comeback from the boys! 
Don't think I've laughed so much watching tele,  
 CELINAAAAA 3-0! Pick that one out.. 
Dear World: You know what? You ARE amazing. I’m thinking about all the times you reached out to someone who needed a boost and I feel thankful. You know we’re gonna turn that up to 11 on Monday for 
We went 5-0 up inside the 1st 25mins thanks to a blistering start....!
 A Saturday isn't a proper Saturday until Graham Carey scores a screamer.
Our best episode yet! Can’t thank 
House of Horrors: we asked Queensland's record run-scorer about how to win at the Gabba 
I’ve had a sneak preview of this new EP. You’ve got to hear Thom’s version of High Germany - there’s a kinda Tony Levin vibe going on! 
OAP: Old Age Producer 
Introducing El Mocambo Overdrive: sweet, sweet overdrive tones, for biting blues leads and hard-rock rhythms alike! 
When you can’t stop listening to The Hunna and now you get your wee sister listening to them too
It’s time! 
H A W K // Massive lines again for 
ONE DAY TO GO AND COUNTING 
Next weekend sees the return of 
one of my fave vids of all time, and the song is 
Your dressing table essential is weeks away.... 
Here is "Beware of the Humans" Official Album Cover 
 For those of you around the world who can’t make our live show with 
 Amazing. We just SOLD OUT the Globe Theatre in Los Angeles with 
We took a little too much coffee to Cup North, help us find loving homes for it, please? 
Way too stoked to announce that I’ll be a part of the 
 tour! Starts THIS FRIDAY. 
Well after hardly any sleep it's gonna hurt. You defo smashed it 
Last night I used an if statement to fix a spelling mistake on a meta key value I couldn't alter. Via editor, no less... 
Here's a peep from last night's 
Nov 24th @ Heart 
Everybody been asking for a gouyad party here you go ! 
Tonight broward getting its first real gouyad party since house party days pull up on me
Just updated my Spotify playlist 'Snavs Selection' with new music from 
counting down the seconds until i can leave work and head to the official Turkey Day pregame tn 
"Gunman Vs Ricky Bootleg" from 
400 free relay QUALIFIES FOR the A FINAL!!! Amazing swimming today and ready for more tomorrow!!
Mckenna Stone QUALIFIES FOR the A FINAL in 100 free!! 
Congratulations to the entire state team placing 8th overall as a team!! Thats the highest in program history! Great season girls!
HYSTERIA Vol. 5 is here and it is 
A Boogie's album growing on me. Some 
Kellie Willhite QUALIFIES FOR FINALS in the 100 breast with a time of 1:04.12!!!! 
200 free relay rocks prelims and QUALIFIES FOR the A FINAL!! 
200 medley relay QUALIFIES FOR FINALS for the first time in program history and breaks the school record with a time of 1:45.82!!! Catch them swimming tomorrow!!
Beyond excited to announce my commitment to continue my academic and swimming career at The University of Illinois at Chicago! Go Flames
Literally every stop of this tour with 
To anyone going uni studying something creative -Start your grind from your first day. when you leave Uni life is going to try attack you straight away unless your family are gwopped up. Use your spare time for your Grind 
Smokers Vid Out Now!! 
En route Bristollllllll ready to shell down 
OYABUN returns with a bomb visual 
Castle On The Hill Music Video out now on VEVO
 #10 happens tomorrow and it'll be a special one live and direct from the NTS studio in London with a special 
It's gonna be a lit December 
Oh man, Kyrie is feeling it! 
Nijmegen was live last night.  New mix downs sounding 
I’m playing tonight in London. Get yourself down there 
My EP 'Roots' is out today on 
Or Blonde And Bitchin......,..,.,,
« What is civilization? It’s a woman free to live as she wants! » SHANTARAM. 
TONIGHT! The dons 
 #410 Skengdo X AM X Tuckz - DiDiDi Bow (Music Video) 
#410 TS x BT - CR4SHERS (Music Video) 
Yo! MTV Raps is BACK! 
It went off in Newcastle last night as well. Big tune 
This week's MTV Dance (Sky 354/Virgin 314) playlist is here ft. 
20:00 - 22:00 GMT
Our weekly track selection is back with Midweek Heat! This week we've picked out killer tunes from 
The BIGGEST and BADDEST in the game 
Afro B x Skengdo x AM 
Tonight I’ll be passing here for 
Under 2 weeks to go until 
Get ready! @barbiesaddiction rolling into Hawai‘i 
*THIS SATURDAY*Are you ready?! 
Birmingham City's Cheikh N'Doye has won MORE aerial duels than ANY player from the top leagues in Europe this season. 
"QUIET ON SET" 
1Xtra Live 2017 kicks off! Can't wait till this is out 
For Sure My Nigg
Check check fuck em up 
SUPER MIX "Naughty By Genre" TRAP HIPHOP 
Check out ya manz with this new 
Need more tracks for myself for this Bando Theory LP.  If you got 
This Sunday on Mad About Bars we bring you 
 you gonna blow up with this one
Who the hell is Jack Harlow? Someone tell that dude his music is 
 "dark knight" is 
Had such a sick night on Saturday at 
TONIGHT!! Jalouween with the myth, the legend, the bailout n head to LA, Mexico, Santorini n anywhere but work guy 
 Tonight Baby, Party With Us.... I'm Live From 10PM Right After 
Pre Order my debut album now 
"Ugly God, where you been at?" "What you been working on?""You better come back with some fire."RT for this right now. 
This new Chris Brown “tempo” produced by my guy 
This was amazing, Please listen & share the Awesome & Insane Message by 
Micofcourse - Hungry [Music Video] 
Yo last night was a movie 
 Hot off the press: “
 just dropped a banger...Micofcourse - Hungry (Prod. Alpha Redd) 
I’m copping today 
 hop out the 4x4, 1 by 1 by 1 by 1 by 1 
The latest Southpoint merchandise has arrived. Full catalogue available to pre-order here: 
London crew : On NYE you can catch me DJing at 
Across SC & YT play count now over 50,000+. I'd like to think 1 person liked it out of 50K! BiG Up yo' bad selves!
B Young - Jumanji (Prod. By AntiWave) [Music Video] | GRM Daily 
 is the artist-focussed conference addressing mgmt + touring + musical keynotes (Sun 26 Nov, East LDN) 
So much incredible music being produced tho
AIM Members & Friends of AIM - For your chance to win 1 of 3 pairs of 
HOT TOOL!!! 
ATTENTION EVERYONE OUR ANNUAL SUMMER FLING IS ALMOST HERE
Hope yeez are all enjoying this playlist ft some 100% hot Scottish artists 
TONIGHT is the night! Come out to 
 Now that I am in sane mind, I need to tell you how amazing you were last night!!!  
We play our last show of the year on Fri 8th Dec in 
Another banging session from our lad 
Urban Development is Recruiting! 
Let’s All Shrug... 
It's official, my brand new beast of a song "Catapult" has been released into the wild World Wide Web. Stream it, buy it and add it to your playlists using the music service of your choice via this link: 
Fire consistently reduces biomass, abundance, and diversity of below ground faunal communities
Logo of the day - UC Riverside Highlanders 
Logo of the day - Southern Oregon Raiders 
“Free and reduced lunch is how they eat, it is NOT how they learn!” -Katice Menchan, principal of Snellville Middle School, bringing the truth!!! 
Amazing experience! It should be part of the induction for all the board members.
We're comin' in hot, 
Fire & Ice Meet 
Lock into that Robbie Williams angels fireee now 
Time to take this baby out and create more looks. 
Make sure you spend you weekend listening to the amazing new 
Don't miss out! 
These guys are just a little bit good 
 DEEP CUTS #12 
There were some fabulous strikes across the 
Let the good news train keep rolling!!! So much awesome stuff coming soon :D 
TCTITTIES THANK U BIRMINGHAM WE HAD A BLAST 
OH SHIT I THINK ITS GOING OFF 
  athlete Brandon Thompson shot 60% from the field last night 
The official Art Work "Feed Back" by Rey Macc.. Designed by 
You gotta bounce with my girls 
I feel like Vatiswa Ndara's role on Home Affairs will always be iconic, though it didn't get that recognition it reserved 
Funny how I woke up at 5 craving Reeky's Problem. That jam is litttttttt
Remember This Street Banger? 
Boys working hard in the 33 degree heat! 
‘Who’ is LIVE on 
 always tuned in the show,its lit today
"Lions do not compare themselves to humans."Zlatan at Manchester United = 
24/11 at Taj Pamodzi Hotel!Join us as we make Zambian music history! 
1: Follow all that Like & Retweet2: Follow back all that follow you3: Gain followers tonight
 Local & African tunes with your boy Maximilian!How's your Friday?
My baby_@Jezelbrothers ft. 
Crazy how a Scandanavian dude has the top hip hop playlist on Spotify. It's 
 Listen to LIHTZ - IF I RULED THE WORLD by Lihtz 
24/7 is your hustle! It's so dope to be a part of the 
New Helmet!! Nouveau Casque 
Start P2 tomorrow! Good job mate for the pole! 
“If bein a real nigga was a job alot of yall niggas would be unemployed” 
NEW EPISODE THIS THURSDAY  .....After your all STUFFED and WAKE UP from your THANKSGIVING food… 
Happy Birthday Penny Hardaway 
I T  B E G I N S 
 | A big win kick-started by this man today – for a chance to win his signed shirt follow 
Meatloaf is taken to a whole new level with 
For those wondering, the inaugural 
 TO BE HONEST... the Real Ting mixtape, Hurtin me and DING A LING... absolute bangers. Im obsessed  
NEXT: After a MASSIVE performance in 
A lite 56 tho 
"Think about it & if you can't live without it, Don't let it go, take it home n build bricks around it" 
THROWING A PARTY TO CELEBRATE FINDERS KEEPERS. LONDON. TOMORROW NIGHT. 18+. @ ME IF YOU AND A MATE WANNA COME 
20 MILLION STREAMS ARE YOU SERIOUS 
Hottest mixtape of the year dropping soon?!?
 getting to dance with these 2! You both deserve that mirror ball trophy! Vote 1(800)868-3406 
 BIG CONGRATS to Levi’s® Music Project's 
Juls - Gwarn featuring Burna Boy (Official Animation Video) 
A Cha Cha/ Tango Fusion that’s hot to touch! 
This Ones Going Off!!! Myself & 
"I’m trying to bridge the east and the west, and connect the world with the music I'm doing.”
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight 
Let’s get it!!! 
 Cosa Nostra Kidd - Position [Prod. By Mondo] 
Trapping & Rapping nigga what’s your purpose!! 
 dropped sum mo shit for da streets 
If you can't vibe to 
Been broke before x Lucci 
 Super excited to be running a social media workshop for 
We had such a fabulous evening last night. Thank you 
Yey!! We can’t wait, it’s going to be fabulous 
And we are looking forward to seeing you too!! It’s going to be a great eve. 
THANK YOU to everyone who has donated wood to rebuild our bonfire. We can confirm we will now have a bonfire on Friday! See you there? 
Ecstatic musical fusion! Happening in 20 mins. In 30Degrees heat. 
What a game!!!! Wow!!!  Hope to see the bro 
What a game boy. What a game!!!!  NBA is LITT
“Not just smouldering… Absolutely scorching.”“Giovanni’s dancers are as good as any you will see on the television show.”Just some of the Reviews of Dance Is Life last year and in 2018, 
Sofiane Boufal with Southampton's youth team - this is quality 
A very special fixture indeed. 
Huge win for the Warriors today boys were on fire 
NORTH AMERICA TOURLOS ANGELES
Meet Callum Aylott: The 
Chopsticks or fork? With our Tibetan 
BIG shouts out to the homie Rob Bingham over at 
Watch how firefighters learn to tackle the most extreme blazes 
Mask off! The Furykaze by 
 INSTAGRAM: @ KingDevyne 
Come learn this TOMORROW!MONDAY5PM
What a night I've had! 
Huge game tonight for the girls hockey team at 7pm against Waconia !! 1250 Oak Ave, Waconia MN!! Make sure to come out in your fire fighter attire to put out the wildfire 
Check out Shame's latest video! Tickets go on sale tomorrow at 10 AM 
16 points in 16 games, with an 8-game point streak. Yeah, you could say Hoffman is HOT. 
coming soon on KnightVision / Warner Music! 
Check out the link below to see RNN's latest!!  Don't forget to like us on Fusfoo!!
new episode is Fuego, shout out to Cole Bradley for hoppin on the set, give us a listen!! 
The boys stay hot
Alabama wins - SEC West ChampsAuburn wins - SEC West ChampsThe Iron Bowl is gonna be  
This man Aha Gazelle 
Dec 19th lineup official
Her latest work on our Instagram is 
This is like a black version of The Real World and I love it. The cast is so 
Let's warm you up on Wednesday!Tonight at 8 PM! 
Tonight at 9, our lineup is 
No Mercy from Deon Sanders 
Thursday= Spray Day! Get a spray tan today for the perfect tan for the weekend!
 story about two of our student managers Wayne & Dre 
Here is the game winning block!! 
. Kid had a big career at Central Catholic now off to DC to play for Howard University
Repost if you think I should drop my new video "Dexterous Creek"
HBD to my day 1!!! Have the best day, De!!! 
Can't wait to see you suited up slinging that 
Keep working lil bro , your time coming believe me 
These shows just keep getting better and better !!! Come see us wild out 
WHOS COMING ??? Houston turn up 
Performed at John Overton High School and it was too much fun ! Like the old boyband days 
Zero Gravity,Phight For Philly Champions, Rise High Elite 51 MSU Skyliners NJ 38, 
first 8 games go check them 
The hip hop mix on 
We’re super amped to be hosting 
Told you regular season means nothing and Don't forget who told you about QV first.     
Hype and talk only goes so far when you play good teams with good players 
You know who they are: the Wannabes. Fame hyenas. Dressed like drones. In it for themselves. And they ALWAYS. PULL. YOU. BACK. DOWN. TO. THEIR. LEVEL. Watch "ROCKSTAR" 
Holy moly the Incendia Fire Stage at 
Will never tire of listening to this. Best battle routine ever 
Congratulations! Future Chippewa 
Great match!! Looking forward to a great season. 
We made it! First practice before the tournament starts tomorrow! 
ICYMI: Central Michigan’s 
As promised...We can't wait to see you this season! 
I am proud to announce that I've committed to Central Michigan University to further continue my academics and athletics! 
Robert Rogers committed to continue his wrestling and academic career for 
Logan enjoying his first wrestling match!  Way to go 
Several individuals joined us in the wrestling room following the dual to check out our updates and improvements! Thank you everyone for your support! 
Amazing night kicking off the 2017-2018 dual season! Thank you to all the fans that came out to support the Chippewas. We couldn’t do it without you! 
What an awesome night! First night of Wrestling Band was a success. Thanks to 
Had a great time up in Mount Pleasant watching the 
Thank you for joining us and firing up the crowd! We’ll see you second semester when we return home! 
Ronald Darby came out tonight with a little extra 
Josh Rosen "Comeback" Tyke. "Chosen Rosen" is on 
100 knee pounds.100 ankle pounds.50 inside outs.50 side-to-sides.0:59 seconds.
Get hype! Last night we shot our intro video and it's going to be 
Hurry people! These auction items 
 talk abt Lord Howe Island walkingstick. Different species from Ball's Pyramid? Extract DNA from museum specimens! 
Check out and support some sick new music from my old buddy 
MY MAN! This brother right here is a superstar...!!!!
 FNN B. Will (Feat. Young Moose) - My Taliban 
 BWill why you snapped like that on PYT 
Should've made boiz pay for this one! 
Why don't you have your ticket yet! This show is 
R A C E D A Y 
1 day before RACE DAY! 
"I DONT FEEL BAD ABOUT IT" 
Whatever Your Passionate About is your Ticket to Wealth!! ...Philly was 
Las Vegas.  Hi.  I'm here.  Playing tonight at Beauty Bar solo.  Tickets at the door for $15. 
  DOUBLE TROUBLE for COSMIC  Royale Saturdays
Get tickets now before they sell out cause this lineup is straight 
WEDNESDAY, NOV. 15th 
 to a house show ft. A photo of nordistafreeze ‘s mom 
Spice up your night at House of Blues! 
 favorite emoji everrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Studio session tonight with the homie 
Lighting’s dim but the music’s lit 
We’re hosting from our HQ and it’s 
 Nashville... we're spending it cozied up next to some new gear in the studio...
ROYAL STARS X NMFS POP SHOP IN Brooklyn 
Feed The Models w/ 
Alright you lot, we're closing out the Flying Machine Cafe on Sunday night, 10PM - 4AM, in the Body & Soul Area 
100.000.000 STREAMS ON BONFIRE! 
Goku just hit the greatest Kamehameha Wave in DragonBall franchise history That instant replay tho 
Woke up to a new record over an UPPERCLASS beat .. we got one 
Two days to go! Unbeatable 
Here are this week's TOP songs! Which ones are you playing on 
Bright colors always look 
FRIDAY!!! 
Just launched today newrepublicman Chelsea boots 
“Dirty Sexy Money" by 
This Saturday we're in for a treat with Dixon, Trikk, Fedele and Raw District! 
Our November is on fire! Come see a show! 
Jo Johnson - guest at Jane Fitz's final residency party of the year on Nov 24th - has her excellent 
This one with Paranoid London and Peace Division’s Justin Drake is not to be missed !! Drop me a message for paper tickets 
We're back,12th November with 
 Everyting about this tape is ahead of its time. 
Have you heard my 4M remix already?! 
Here something that goes hard af 
it's out! retweet to spread the fire 
bout to b charLIT in North Carolina tonight 
’Hot For U’ out Oct 13th on 
’Release Yourself’ with 
 These are my fav Top 10 HOA tracks of last week! 
BRAND NEW REVEALED RESIDENCY!
 NEW MUSIC FRIDAY!
Fall announcements coming in HOT
My Mi Gente remix live with 
EVERY ROUND IS PURE FIRE
This is it! It's ALL come down to this! 
Woohoo! New weapons are about to be cooked
Flying out to Vegas tomorrow for a weekend in the studio with my bro 
I got that new new for you! My 
Twerksgiving on WEDNESDAY (11/22) with 
NEW VIDEO - Listen To This At Your Own Risk… 
What a track guys! 
Amazing night the guys we're on fire 
Huge thanks to Foreverland for putting on and getting me involved for their amazing events! 
Always fun to go B2B w/my friend 
Finishing the year strong! 
It was a great time joining 
Holy shit album is looking 
BRAND NEW VIDEO ‘SKRAPZ FT. CHIP - HIGH SPEC’ OUT NOW!!! 
 season coming soon don't sleep on him trust me 
New Tanika video Kingston13 out now 
This might just be our HOTTEST Hot 25 yet feat. 
T O K Y O .. tonight . 
We've got a new newsletter for you with releases by 
every time I see 
Such tremendous work by Northern Irish women writers! They’re on fire! 
y'all cant handle this. 
 Ireland's premier live music venue 
Playlist updated!!! Pure 
Cold outside isn't it? ... I'll tell you what isn't cold... THE PURE FIRE I'LL BE DROPPING ON KISS FROM 6PM!!!!!!!! 
Added some bangers this week! 
Let's do it Mr Jackson! 
 We’ve added ‘around.away’ to our playlist 
 mix’s on Soundcloud are absolutely sensational. 
In case you missed it...The one and only 
We're happy to announce...
What happens when you put accelerant on a bonfire 
MERCH PRE-ORDER IS HERE! Limited run–Get it while it’s hot! 
check out this clip from yesterday of Asia & Lewis 
Hamza bringing la sauce to 
“TAKE IT AS IT IS – MUSIC IS SOMETHING TO ENJOY” Read the full story with Spanish trap sensation 
Mahalia providing those throwback R&B vibes…Full show here: 
"If you're a white man who hasn't gone to therapy DON'T APPROACH ME" 
I don’t go anywhere without a Bic Megalighter & a candelabra 
We are SO EXCITED to welcome 
Earlier today with@DJYodaUK 
i got my money up but i still be depressed 
Tonight!!! we have 
OUR DEBUT EP IS FINALLY HERE!Buy it here: 
Only three of these shirts left all in medium! Go pick one up they won't be reprinted 
This remix is firee! 
Surprise! We just had a few tickets for tonight's sold out Tori Amos show open up. Grab 'em while they're hot 
Lemme tell u bout 
It’s going down this weekend at the providence Rhode Island Comic Con! #
My new track "Let it Bleed" featuring the AMAZING 
Tonight Cologne! Favorite City! Remember last time? 
 has the best ribs & sauce! 
Don't forgot to help out your favorite hometown BBQ! Text to Bad Azz BBQ to (412)218-3063 to vote !! 
There's no place like Red Mountain! Such an incredible Homecoming! 
Big moves only! Great video and a great school!!! 
Nate .B’s first Music Video is gonna hot
Shot my first Badger game and it was a heater 
PSA: If any other visiting teams want to have extra days off in Vegas before playing us, we're sure we could help line up some 
It’s official! The 47th annual Canadian Western Agribition begins w/ the ceremonial burning of the brand 
When in doubt, check the top 25 restaurant list: 
Burial's Untrue turns 10 today. 
Trapaholics & R&B/HipHop heads... Please join my stream on 
And the winners aaaaare...Drumroll, please
MAKE. THIS. GO. VIRAL. AND. TREND
Check out my Junior season highlights!!S/o 
That boy Dj Khaled really know something too lol...wild thoughts go so crazy 
Classic winter tale 'The Little Match Girl' will be brought to life next month by 
Senior Season... check it out 
T O N I G H T 
Falcons DE Adrian Clayborn had himself a career game in Dallas. 
Nasty Nas Offensive MVP 
Super excited about my headline show 
Retweet if you're ready for football season 
Top Juco Point Guard In The Nation
Karan Higdon took no L’s today25 carries200 yards3 TDs
Fighting for working families, and fired up! 
ICYMI: Watch highlights from Friday's 3-0 win over St. Cloud State, including 2 goals from 
Out of the 100 "most hyped" 
You bet! My thoughts are it was quite emotional for me. I was able to really dissect and uncover why I act the way I do and able to work on your chapter suggestions to work on taking the certain mask off. So far it’s been working and making s huge difference in my life. 
After a total sell out for 2017, 
.@ashton_gohil owned the 
Gonna smash this out live tonight, but which mix to play, all so
Cinnabar Fridays.. Each and every week 
I’m playing tonight in London. Get yourself down there 
JessBays & CJ Sax 
It was a vibeeee. Big up the dons dem 
Despacito x Wild thoughts 
Check the new Boeke on the show 
Big ups man like 
All AJBXNG In Action 
Flare presents: back to basics!With drinks from £1 and some of Edinburghs best DJ's 
Another massive week lined-up here at Fubar 
Leave it to me to play my music "too loud" ..these new demos are 
Making niggrs pay for the times they taxed us 
Shawty want me fall in love I ain't got it in me 
Great work and performance by last years artist 
Aidan Fraser & Koran Jackson starting the evening 
 FIRST FIFTY ROUND 2 tbh!
Subculture x Nautilus Rising・The Intruder EP LaunchYou can buy Domenic's 'The Intruder EP' on vinyl at the club tonight whilst Harri & Dom are playing! 
Garage Juice returns this Friday with residents 
TONIGHT we celebrate the foundations of UK Hip-Hop at The Root 
No plans for tonight? Head to South London's HOTTEST Hip-Hop & Dancehall party 
Southern Hospitality parties > other shit going on in London ...This Saturday night
Aye cops can't stop the turn up!!! Big up to 
I started this gangster shit and its the mother fucking thanks i get 
Dangerous plugs and sockets: have you had one explode or catch fire? How often do you check? Keen to hear your stories. 
A steaming hot performance! 
What a performance that waves tonight 
The coziest dining experience 
The 6th Annual GLOW in the Park by 
Top travelling support again tonight! Thank you all. Another 
Belfast!!! Yes!!! 
Only 3 weeks into Spring & we already have a total fire 
Oi oi!! 
The handover is official! 
H O L Y G R O U N DChicago, chains fell...fear bowed tonight! It was so great being able to worship with y'all 
Timberwolf!! Wow! On 
Being an SA boy at heart, hope the crows get up and 
Who wouldn’t want to be a part of this place right now?? 
 feed airing now. Great episode tonight 
 tonight!!! Episode should have been called ‘KARMA’. Tune in tonight 
Let’s go Giants!!!!!! 
 Custom Iron Man Kobes for my bro 
These what I'm rocking this season 
WAYLAND SOCCER BABY!!!!
BREAKING: The ventilation system was broken in my hot yoga class this morning. 
GO LEAP!! 
In case you missed it, 
It's been an incredible 12 months for 
Buzzing! Minus has been added to the  
Super excited to be playing the madnessband House of Fun Weekender this Sunday!
One more log and we're oven-ready for Monday lunchtime 
Paradiso can only be topped by a night out in Stoke-on-Trent 
Check this months pod  yet ....  2 hours of 
 to this classic mix from DJ BRYAN GEE 
Check out my track "Breaking Point" forthcoming 
Sick Eatbrain night w/ URGE TO MOVE AfterMovie, Dresden on fire, big night 
Oh yes Coppa back on that ALIBI flex again... next link up is done 
Heard June Miller drop this in the dance at the weekend.... 
24th of November - Coppa "Poetry in Motion" LP Teaser 1 on 
It Bumps....
Sold out show in Budapest last night with 
At the end of this month I’ve got some exclusive tracks coming out on the next Co-Lab USB project! 
Wicked weekend massive thx to 
TAKE NOTE KIDDIES!
Testing out my new live rig for the first time at 
THE COUNTDOWN IS ON ! 
Kevin De Bruyne was so good today, Paul Merson clapped him off on Soccer Saturday!
Upcoming winter tour dates 
in London last Saturday.
My new track "Caos" is out today on 
I know u all r probably tired of seeing my hooping videos but mostly posting becuz of my door rebound and this 
Like this tweet to help me get 
"Ok, I don't really, really wanna fight anymoreI don't really, really wanna fake it no more" 
Check out 18,000 fans in Manchester singing 
NECTAR DROPPING some NEW FIRE
this track is fire!!! Full Support 
Last night in London was lit 
Weekend mission #1 : Friday in London IllumiNaughty 
WAV download is now enabled on SC in case anyone wants to blaze the fire in full quality 
FREE DOWNLOAD!! Tristan and Ace Ventura by Yoni Oshrat- BLAZE THE FIRE 
KaBOOM! Tonight's show with 
Wasn’t much of a DnB fan but 
Houston & Dallas! December 8 / 9. 
San Francisco last night was amazing! On my way to Denver right now! Temple Denver tonight 
My homie Dwayne JuBee Webb comin in big on Marvel Years latest. 
 new music dec 5th
Brisbane tonight w the dons 
Y’all, this show is going to be 
This new khalifa album 
This weather might be cooling down on us ... but best believe we're turn up the 
We're 2 weeks out from 
YOU NO YOU HOT
Drake - God's Plan (Extended Snippet) 
Here's a longer snippet of the new Drake track, big up 
NYC Pull Up 11/2 
Double fire emojis required for 
I have 20 Terabytes of footage over the past 6 years, minus about 2 Terabytes of footage i had to trash because i was broke and couldnt get a hard drive. I been in the streets. Ask around 
Smoke that weed I sip that act, lost that Once Imma get that back ! 
No delusions of grandeur. 
Australia, we are back in 2018 
Back from Indonesia, looking forward to this dope bill on Sunday (11/5) in Brooklyn 
May 5th it's on ya hear me it's only so much game I can give you frfr 
My new album SAVAGE is available for Pre-order now 
Need beats fw my bro 
